

[Verse 1]
(check, yeah)
We was walking away
Repeated all we can say
Depart with a hug
And it's a public display
Like a dozen a day
Walking, we plugging away
At it, I'm running away
Cause O'Doyle’s is closed
And it never was closed
So I'm never exposed
When I'm hella morose
Cause I'm telling 'em no-
-body, my skeleton shows
With it's elephant nose
And it's pelican bones
Watch how I carry it home

[Bridge]
Cause the story it goes
There’s a spork in the road
And we got to the bar
But then O'Doyle’s was closed
And it never was closed
Even whenever it snowed
Every night it was there
Either there or a show
Every answer is there
Every question is no
Never questioned before
So we guessing it's home

[Pre-Chorus]
Everybody’s secrets inspire all of my scenes
I write in all of my fantasies and I die in all of my dreams
My superpowers I maintain
I take control of my scene
Y'all should see what I can't say
I can't say all I done seen

[Hook]
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home

[Verse 2]
Yeah
We live in a space that should have never existed
We’re used to the taste of a human in space
We ruined the room only a few could replace it
And Doyle’s is closed
I'm avoiding my nose
It smells like if you imagined you boiled a rose
And the oven is on and the coil’s exposed
And we pulling the door
Like we did it before
And now we’re trying to deal with heat that we shouldn't absorb

[Bridge]
And the story it goes
There’s a spork in the road
And we got to the bar but then O'Doyle’s was closed
And it never was closed
Even whenever it snowed
Every night it was there
Either there or a show
Every answer is there
Every question is no
Never questioned before
So we guessing its home

[Pre-Chorus]
Everybody’s secrets inspire all of my scenes
I write in all of my fantasies and I die in all of my dreams
My superpowers I maintain
I take control of my scene
Y'all should see what I can't say
I can't say all I done seen

[Hook]
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home

I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home



[Produced by Boi-1da, Frank Dukes, Noah "40" Shebib, & Nineteen85]

[Part I: 0 to 100]

[Verse 1]
Fuck bein' on some chill shit
We go 0 to 100, nigga, real quick
They be on that rap-to-pay-the-bill shit
And I don't feel that shit, not even a little bit
Oh Lord, know yourself, know your worth, nigga
My actions been louder than my words, nigga
How you so high, but still so down to Earth, nigga?
If niggas wanna do it, we can do it on they turf, nigga
Oh Lord, I'm the rookie and the vet
Shoutout to the bitches out here holdin' down the set
All up in my phone, lookin' at pictures from the other night
She gon' be upset if she keep scrollin' to the left, dawg
She gon' see some shit that she don't wanna see
She ain't ready for it
If I ain't the greatest then I'm headed for it
That mean I'm way up (way up)
Yeah, the 6 ain't friendly but that's where I lay up
This shit a mothafuckin' lay up
I been Steph Curry with the shot
Been cookin' with the sauce, Chef Curry with the pot, boy
360 with the wrist, boy
Who the fuck them niggas is, boy?
OVO, man, we really with the shits, boy
Yeah, really with the shits
I should prolly sign to Hit-Boy 'cause I got all the hits, boy
Fuck all that "Drake, you gotta chill" shit
I be on my Lil Mouse drill shit
Fuck all that rap-to-pay-your-bill shit
I'm on some Raptors-pay-my-bills shit
All up on TV, I thought it'd make me richer
Wasn't payin' me enough, I needed somethin' quicker
So now I'm all in Niko's basement puttin' work in on the phones
Either that or drive to Money Mart to make the pickups
Man, it's 2008, I'm tryna paint the picture
Comeback Season in the works and now I'm thinkin' bigger
I got 40 in the studio, every night, late night
Gotta watch that shit, don't want to make him sicker
That's my nigga
Oh Lord, got a whole lot to show for it
I mean we can really get it, we can go for it
I'm just here for the bucks and the billis, nigga
Don't make me kill one of the GOATs for it
I run this shit, they like, "Go Forrest
Run Forrest, run Forrest, go Forrest"
Yeah, I mean you already wrote for us
Damn, nigga, what's one more quote for us?
Oh Lord, who else soundin' like this?
They ain't make me what I am, they just found me like this
I was ready... fuck that, I've been ready
Since my dad used to tell me
He was comin' to the house to get me
He ain't show up
Valuable lesson, man, I had to grow up
That's why I never ask for help
I'll do it for you niggas and do it for myself

[Outro]
I go 0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga

[Part II: The Catch Up]

[Bridge]
Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit, yeah

[Verse 2]
The other night
Lavish Lee told me that I'm all these people listen to
She said they love me unconditional
Imagine how it feel to watch another nigga at the top
You know that if you wasn't you, you would be dissin' you, dawg
Damn, okay, from that perspective
I see what you're talkin' 'bout, no way to soften that
'Cause me, I was tryna find out where I lost 'em at
But maybe I ain't lose 'em at all
Maybe I keep movin' forward and they're just stagnant
They ain't movin' at all
But when they need a favor, who do they call?
Maybe I'm searchin' for the problems
Askin' what was said and who was involved
Too focused on people's feedback and provin' 'em wrong
They say the shoe can always fit, no matter whose foot it's on
These days feel like I'm squeezin' in 'em
Whoever wore 'em before just wasn't thinkin' big enough
I'm 'bout to leave 'em with 'em
'Cause if I run in the game in these, man, the seams are splittin'
No pun intended but they're smellin' defeat in the air
Headed where nobody took it, who meetin' me there?
They tell him that he's talkin' crazy but he doesn't care
Bein' humble don't work as well as bein' aware
Listen up, boy, you're better off eavesdroppin'
We already got spring 2015 poppin'
PND droppin', Reps-up P droppin'
Majid Jordan droppin', OB droppin', not to mention me droppin'
Feel like we paid the refs off, man, we fixed the game
Me and Noel been at it before Twitter names
Yeah, been on the move like the lease is up
And I can't even name one person that's keepin' up
Damn, fuck how it was in the past tense
Ask yourself, how do we match up now?
'Cause I'm only 27 and I'm only gettin' better
If I haven't passed you yet, watch me catch up now, for real

[Outro: James Blake]
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up



[Intro: Big Rube]
Conceive true deception multiplied a million fold
Visualize the yin and yang in a battle so intense
That we get em confused
The resident evil specialize in misconstruing
We wanna be at a presidential level—what are we doing?
Fooling ourselves, clowning ourselves, playing ourselves
By not being ourselves
We can't babble no more than we can bob our head offbeat
Nimrod by the time we forty cause we can't get off meat
While we ask no reason for the misplacement of the season
Look at the picture that's painted
Tainted as the mind who's blinded to the point
Where Sodomites get all the rights
We fall for fights with fisticuffs
Get pissed enough to miss the bus
It disgusts me to see my folks run up on
I say stand upon this section of time marked Revelations
And recognize this mind-numbing reality of horror
Known as mankind
Jesus and his twelve disciples make thirteen
A righteous number of righteous men
Even Judas the Betrayer came true in the end
The Devil say the end is the beginning
They teach that we were the product of incest
Invest no level of self into their system of Paganomics
Stand with us and don't look back upon it
Just face this mindstate
Otherwise Babylon

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Like memories of yesterday

"Ninety-six gonna be that year"...

[Verse 1: André 3000]
I bet you never heard of a playa with no game
Told the truth to get what I want, but shot it with no shame
Take this music dead serious while others entertain
I see they're making their paper so I guess I can't complain
Or can I? I feel they're disrespecting the whole thang
Them hooks like selling dope to black folks
And I choke when the food they serving ain't tasting right
My stomach can't digest it even when I bless it
I'm confessing one more lesson from the South, we in the house tonight
Now hootie who wants to oppose? Suppose
We rolls through Headland and Delowe
Where me and my niggas would pass the flow
And got down for ours like hind catchers
My mind catches flashbacks to the black past
While mind close niggas laugh at
The Southern slang, finger waves and Mojo chicken wangs
I grew up on booty shake we did not know no better thang
So go 'head and, diss it, while real hop-hippers listen
Started by Afrika Bambaata, so you and your partner
Gather your thoughts

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turn my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Uhh, born Antwan Patton but my partners they call me Big Boi
It's the nigga the B-I-G, be speaking the truth not talking that shit boy
I'm thinking of checking my traps and busting my raps
And throwing them craps
7 Eleven is no convenience, you pumping your gas but watching your back
For the robbing crew; thinking they're robbing you, you must be cautious
To staying up on your game and pimping these crows, you must be flawless
Like Mortal Kombat, but fucking these wombats got you dizzy
My nigga you know if I wanna be playin
But runnin up on me like you miss me
You catching the wrong vibe, packing your shit and rolling your eyes back
Flexin up on the corner tossin your dice and rollin your Cadillac
But man it seems I'm reaching out and touching the wrong nigga
Don't expect it to be pimping get your index off the trigger
As we bust, us, we leavin em in the dust
So keep that caine up out of your nose
I said my piece and then I hush
As the calendar keeps flippin', niggas dippin'

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turn my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday

[Verse 3: André 3000]
Our dearly beloved, we are gathered like soap is to lather we come clean
Some issues need to be addressed like envelopes I mean
Oh, like Liberty Bells, yes them bullets keep on ringing
On fire like the Georgia Mass Choir, we keep on sanging
Bringing our folks closer together cause they severed us from the get green
Light and we ain't gon' stop until we hit the big screen
Psych, because no one is free when others are oppressed
So, we hit the stage and then we fly back to our nest
Growing old

[Verse 4: Big Boi]
Like some eagles, people don't understand
Just like their parents don't be caring
I'm speaking bout you playing with that phony stuff you sharing
In your raps Mercedes Benz and all your riches
Thinking you got it but get it, get it but you ain't pimping no bitches
'Cause you flauging; falling like leaves into driveways
Isn't it lovely smoking good and sloppy head on highways
Fridays are tight but Saturday just makes it old
Winter nights are hot warm enough to feed your soul
Growing old

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turn my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday

[Outro: André 3000]
See all them leaves must fall down, growing old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow-brown
Autumn caught em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old
See all them leaves must fall down, growing old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow-brown
Autumn caught em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old
See all them leaves must fall down, growing old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow-brown
Autumn caught em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old



Yo it's the Lake Shore Drive
Keep it live, tight, raw
You better hurry up, they can't keep it in the store
To be the format, your whole style on one beat
Insert the disk, watch a nigga press delete
Tryna flex your technique
You gettin' blasted with a TEC, that shit is mad ironic
Like Alanis Morisette, you try but can't jet
Bunch of airline lyrics, rhymes for low fare
Flyin' out of O'Hare
While these no-name ass niggas wanna go there, nobodies
Livin' three blocks from nowhere, down the street from nothin'
Let me show these niggas somethin', visual aid, the page
And the nigga who fronted, word to God, they don't want it
But they wanna play the role, actin' hardcore
Watch the whole career, flow, my style is too cold
Always, forever like Luther, but it ain't original
Because I stole it from the future, now I'm wanted in three centuries
The verbal killin', ask me where I got the style
Told 'em from my grandchildren, put it on files
Document it in the books
You niggas can't see me so cease the hard looks
I'll rather it get took
Live and die for rhymes, dedicated to hip-hop
Shit don't stop
Niggas they wanna know what and who's next
And you roll up in a Lex
That's the train stop, my brain drop mad lyrics
I rhyme with the spirit off the top, I drop nonstop
Verbally killin', my style is ready to willin'
Y'all niggas stay back chillin'
Like EPMD y'all niggas ain't seein' me, what
We're enormous, nah, do or die
I got the rhymes on the brain
They tried to bomb me on the plane so I rode the train
Before I got here, spawned here
I'm 'bout to save this shit, yo it's my year, what!?
Bring it on, pass it to my man Tariq
Rock the mic all week



[Chorus: bearface]
(Freak ah, ah) Oh, your love
Won't you come this close to me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Be with me now that you're free (Free, free)
Oh yeah (Yeah)
Won't you come this close to me, baby?
Baby, yeah (Yeah)

[Verse 1: bearface]
Taking time, faking mine
Let your hair lay on this side
Bless your mind, baby it's over and done (yeah, yeah yeah)
'Cause I know the way to make-
You know I hate to lie
But you are, you are, you are baby
But you gotta be free

[Chorus: bearface]
(Freak ah, ah) Oh, your love
Won't you come this close to me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Be with me now that you're free (Free, free)
Oh yeah (Yeah)
Won't you come this close to me, baby?
Baby, yeah (Yeah)

[Verse 2: bearface]
[?] with the windows fogged
Her brown skin with our fingers locked
Feel the air like it's sunny out
But I don't want you to go girl cause I'm tired of the waiting
Tired of waiting (ay, ay, yeah)
Tired of waiting, but you gotta be free

[Chorus: bearface]
(Freak ah, ah) Oh, your love
Won't you come this close to me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Be with me now that you're free (Free, free)
Oh yeah (Yeah)
Won't you come this close to me, baby?
Baby, yeah (Yeah)



[Verse 1: Jazze Pha]
...no cress (no cress!)
Like a pistol out the top dresser (pew!)
My shit bang, I get cash, all hunnid dollar bills, no [?]
Cool like the other side of the pillow (aye!)
Caddy got white walls on it (skrr, skrrt!)
Big daddy got ice all on me (blingin')
Super clean like Lysol, homie (ooh)
You say it’s some [?], I say it's a [?], but you would give me your body before your name
And I don't know why
And I can’t explain
I, spin around like Micheal Jackson (uh-huh!)
[?] 'cause I'm 'bout that action (uh, nah!)
Just wanna give some satisfaction!

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract  & Jazze Pha]
My hands up, I let go, my mouth is getting cold
I know they come and go, la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
My wrist is stuck on froze, places that I can't go
Niggas that I don't know, la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
All my dogs in a pack formation
Niggas say my name when they agitated
Nigga learn better, you can ask yo' lady
Pretty bad thang, wanna have my baby
Nigga I'm rich, I’m just actin’ broke
I don't understand what you hate me for...



[Verse 1]
I told her to drive over after dude crib
Bring a couple new friends
Them last girls was too thick
How you expect me to hit?
You wanna watch Clueless
I wanna watch Foolish
Excuse me, miss, I don't appreciate your rudeness
But if you strip, I will appreciate your nudeness
I heard the best head come from girls that is toothless
Yeah my game ruthless, yeah my car roofless
Spit that "Through The Wire" over Chaka Khan, ruthless
She said she had a friend look like Janet Jackson
That bitch came over lookin' more like Freddie Jackson
Nah, nah, nah, baby, won't be no time for no action
I'm just gon' play this "Slow Jamz," holla at your man

[Verse 2]
Old school like Melle Mel
Or we could go to the D where Drelle Drel
Or DC, PG, or ATL
Back in Chi, I mean my life like a magazine
Honey wanna know the details about my ebony
Well that's XXL
Father penthouse, yeah that's upscale
Mademoiselle got a hell of a black tail
I'm feelin' the vibe, her body and soul
I heard you stay in a metropolitan home
Well let's kill all the pollyin', I offer you a Cosmopolitan
Let's jet out the club, get some oxygen
Your friends say I'm a player, you'd be lucky to keep me
You know people gon' be talkin' 'bout us weekly
My car be in a robbery
P-O-R-T but what's more important to me is that
Don't be comin' 'round my girl tryna act like Mr. Friendly
And steal the spotlight like Mr. Bentley
I spotted her like Spud McKenzie
And for them fake boobies, I paid them Benjis
Get your own
I got Paris, he got Nicky, he tried to get him a clone
He said, "Ye, you know you got extra hoes
And everything you do is extra cold"
From the Polo fleece to the Jesus piece
I got family in high places like Jesus niece
Can I please say my peace?
If y'all fresh to death then I'm deceased
And this one here is a heat rock, spit like a beatbox
The way the beat rocks, new version of Pete Rock
But for that Benz I get CL love
So I switched my girls around like 3L dub
My favorite girl wanna leave me just because I got a girlfriend
My freak girl told me now she's a Christian
My white girl wanna move back to Michigan
I'm pullin' girls off the bench like a 6th man
I'm in the club pullin' the same old two step
While Omegas doin' the same old Q step
I had my money on my mind, I was thinkin' green
She a pledge, AKA, she was pink and green
I want a good girl, she want a gentleman
We sayin' the same thing like a synonym
I wasn't really spittin' game, I was scrimmagin'
My penmanship is so hard it needs censorship
I'm a Chicago win 'til Chicago wins
'Til we blow like Chicago wind
I don't know what's better, gettin' laid or gettin' paid
I just know when I'm gettin' one the other's gettin' away
I have to say, we goin' to mass today
We have to pray, these niggas is wack and aye I have to say
Since Pac passed away
Most these niggas don't even deserve a track from me
First of all, let's get rid of them Louis Vuitton boots
And get your tall ass out that C-Class coupe
You see the whiskey, had them girls feelin' frisky
You was with me, she said, "Who's your sensei?"
And even if they wanna get busy
And freaky like Missy and roll some weed up
You'll roll 3 blunts and fuck up 3 blunts
Mothafucka you would fuck up a free lunch
Dawg, keep it right thurr like Chingy
Your girl don't like me? How long has she been gay?
Spanish girls ask me, "No habla ingles"
And everybody wanna run to me for their sin-glay
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dawg if I was you I wouldn't feel myself
Dawg if I was you I'd kill myself
That Ethiopian chick drinkin' straight up liquor
I told her I'm Nigerian, that's straight up nigga
She claimed she ain't hear me on "The Bounce" with Jigga
She claimed she ain't see me on the basement with Tigga
Them both my niggas, I suppose
I might have been doin' a lil' frontin' for the hoes
When I flip flows, I rip shows
And your girlfriends, can I hit those?
I don't know if it's me, or do them Uggs
Got girl's feets lookin' like sheepskin rugs
Some rhyme with her name, some rhyme nameless
Don't try to treat me like I ain't famous
My apologies, are you into astrology?
Cause umm... I'm tryna make it to your anus
See that's a little John Juan game
All across your chest like Sean John's name
Niggas tryna figure out since Kan' came
Who the rookie of the year: me or LeBron James?
They said, "Woah don't get caught up in the hype"
Ain't no tellin' they gon' love you after tonight
Well if tonight's the night, pop bottles, fuck models
Spend moeny 'til you're broke, my nigga, live your life
Cause I'm livin' international, nigga, the American dream
All my dawgs is livin' vicariously through me
If I get head from Drene, that's one for the team
Cause 702, that's one for the crew
My dawg Hip-Hop really love Claudette
So if I ever get to smash, this fuck's for you
I can barely drive the G5 down King Drive
Cause like a Brinks truck, they know there's money inside

[Intermission]
I'ma take a little intermission
I'ma let y'all just talk about how good I rap for a minute and I'ma come back

[Verse 3]
So I dropped out of school cause I'm tryna eff the tutor
Her ex man drove a Mercury Cougar
I hit her with this maneuver, he just couldn't recuper'
I'm tryna stab one like Jack The Ripper
I'm tryna stab two like Jack The Tripper
My nigga Tone been locked for a minute
He come home, he from the skreets, he gon' want him some skrippers
And I'm a big tipper, I don't even be trippin'
This my first real Rolex, it don't even be tickin'
This my first pair of earrings I can wear in the shower
Without 'em cloudin' up in a half an hour
So that basically mean my paper gettin' jean
4 Gs in the Rocawear jeans
This top red hot like Anthony Kiedis
You see this? These are the sweetest Adidas
We fire, y'all retire
All ugly people, please be quiet
Hov ain't get a beat from me in a minute
He heard "Just to Get By" and I was re-hired
I got a track right now that could save Mya
Laughs I do though...



Jimmy Kimmel: My guest tonight is a 21-time Grammy award winning performer, who last month threatened his very existence by threatening one of America's most beloved television personalities.  We had a big dumb fight on Twitter, but he was nice enough to agree to come and talk about it tonight.  Please welcome Kanye West!

[Kanye enters]

JK:  How are you?

Kanye West:  I'm okay.

JK:  I'm very happy that you came.  I'm glad you did, and I wanted to clear this up.  I really felt bad about all this stuff.  I did.

KW:  Mm-hmm. [Laughter]

JK:  I guess the first question I should ask is, who are you wearing?

KW: It's Ralph.

JK: Kramden? Lauren?

JK: Is that a new grill you have there?

KW: Nah they've been in my mouth for three years.

JK: That one on the bottom? OK well it's good to see you.

KW: Good seeing you too.

JK: I guess we should talk about what happened, because I do think that somewhere in you, you want people to understand where you’re coming from is that true?

KW: Yeah, correct.

JK: So we did a sketch on the show where we had - you did an interview  with the BBC Radio and it was an intense interview - and I’ll be honest with you, I only saw a couple of little parts of the [Zane Lowe] interview when we did this sketch.

KW: Yeah, that’s what I thought.

JK: In fairness, there was context to it and we took it out of context. And we had a couple of little kids reenact it. Which I didn’t think would be something that bothered you. Do you mind if we show a little clip of it?

Little Kanye: I've reached a point in my life where my Truman Show boat has hit the painting. I'm not trying to regurgitate myself. I'm a product person: not just clothing, but water bottle design, architecture, anything you could think about! Brought the leather jogging pants 6 years ago to Fendi, and they said no! How many motherfuckers have you done seen with leather jogging pants?!

JK: I'm gonna tell you something, the truth is the main reason I did that is because I like to see kids curse. I think it’s funny. (*Kanye laughs*) And I think that some people read into it differently that we were positioning you as a child, but that’s not true. In fact, we’ve done this to other people, with Lady Gaga, with quite a few people that we've had kids say what they said and reenact them. Of course this is not something you knew. And this is not something that people who just watched it online or whatever knew. And you called me. A lot of people think this is some kind of publicity stunt that you and I cooked up. But this isn't, right?

KW: I mean everyone out there in TV world, real world, whatever world you stay in, needs to know that I’ve never done a publicity stunt in my life. Any time I went up and spoke my mind, whether it put my career in jeopardy or whatever someone so called said, it was always what I thought was the truth. Whether I'm like reading from through a teleprompter or whatever I felt emotionally. I don't follow like rules of normal celebrity or what their publicist tells them to say. So I don’t do publicity stunts, period. So don’t ever think that.

JK: Me neither guys. (Laughter) So we talked on the phone, and I didn’t really know why you were calling. I heard you were upset. But I didn't know the context, and we had a bad conversation, right?

KW: Yeah, I knew you before. And I saw you at a wedding and I remember you telling me, I want people to know this side of you and different things like this and I saw this good guy at the wedding. So when I saw the skit - which I didn't watch all the way through because I didn't want to be infuriated - I was like I know you. So it was a combination of me knowing you, but also me NOT knowing the person who put a bad headline on the cover of In Touch. And me not knowing this person. So I was like this is the one person I know. So I can go and let out everything that I feel about every single bogus weekly cover, every skit, every single rumor in barber shops, everything that people feel is ok to treat celebrities like zoo animals or act like what they're saying is not serious, or their life is not serious or their dreams are not serious. And you know, it kinda just went and elevated from a call that we just had as men… that elevates sometimes, you take a guy, Jimmy does his thing. And I do my thing and at a certain point these egos can flare up and we kind of just took it back to high school for a minute.

JK: And I got beat up a lot in high school, So I didn't wanna go back to high school.

JK: And this is something that to be honest with everyone, this is something that when you're with another celebrity we complain about. This zoo animal, it's a perfect thing, because people online they just want you to click through so they'll put whatever they can put as a headline to get you to click through and it can be damaging and I think people look at you and they go, "this is a guy who’s got millions of dollars, he's got a beautiful wife and a new baby, we can’t possibly hurt this guy." And to be honest, even though I’m in that same position too - I don't have a baby - it’s not something that comes to my mind when I’m cooking up a comedy sketch. And some of these things are hurtful, and the truth is important. And it's... but on the other hand, I will say a lot of times you I think you bring it on yourself, this kind of misunderstanding about you.

I personally found it odd to be in the position that I was in because I often… I don’t know if you know this, a lot of people think you’re a jerk. And I often, in my own personal conversations, say, no, I know this guy, he is not a jerk. In fact I think we have a picture which I happened to see on my Dad's iPad at the wedding and it's you and my Dad [*shows a photo of Kanye with Kimmel's dad] - who you may have though was Wolf Blitzer in fairness - but I mean to go to a wedding of a friend of mine and you took a Southwest Airlines flight to that wedding just to make it for this guy who was just a coworker and then to be so nice to everyone there, that tells me a lot about you. Everyone's nice to me when they meet me because they know I have a talk show and almost everyone's on their best behavior. But what I observe is how celebrities behave around other people - how they treat our staff and how they treat in this case my family, and I’ve always said that to people about you. And I think that's important for... I know part of you doesn’t care, I see you onstage saying, "I don’t want to hold your baby, I’ll drop your baby on it’s head…" you know I don’t believe any of that stuff when you say it.

KW: I’m not running for office, I’m just here to make good music, make people feel good when they hear my music. And you know when I did that [Zane Lowe] interview, I was really vocal about a lot of things that I've been dealing with over the past 10 years, when I was put in the classification of “just a celebrity.” Because you know for me, I’m a creative genius and there’s no other way to word it. I know you’re not supposed to say that about yourself, and I say things the wrong way a lot of times but my intention is always positive and I wanna bring more things to the world, I want to help the world. I want to make peoples’ lives easier. I spent 2 of my checks in telemarketing when I was 18 years old on a pair of Gucci slippers, and this is before there was H&M and Zara, you couldn’t just find cool stuff when you were growing up. And for me, I care about cool stuff. It means something to me, it means stuff to a lot of people that are like me, and that’s what I was talking about on the Zane interview.

So when I come on here, I can laugh and I can joke, and I can see a skit and we can say, ok we love Kanye or we think his baby is cute or whatever, but for me, it’s bigger than who I am and my presence, living. It’s about when I was on Earth what did I do to help? And at what point did I hit a glass ceiling where people said you’re a celebrity so you can’t help in this box, you can’t help in this box. But I talked to Quincy Jones at John Legend’s wedding, and you do music, you can do anything. Once you learn how to produce, you’re a producer, you understand textures and colors. I have an art background even before I was a musician. People told me I couldn’t rap. People had all this advice for me about how I shouldn't try to rap. And I wouldn’t even say I’m a rapper, I’m more of a messenger than a rapper.

So even when you say rap beef it sort of undermines it, and keeps re-contexting what I said. Whereas if you look at the Zane interview, it’s really something extremely fearless for someone in my position to do. Because most people just like bow down to TV or bow down to these cameras. Like I could care less about any of these cameras, all I care about is my family, I care about protecting my girl, protecting my baby, and protecting my ideas and my dreams. And ya know that's the reason why I went so crazy.

JK: I wanna go back to one thing you said which is when you say you’re a genius that upsets people, but the truth is a lot people think they’re geniuses, and nobody says it because it’s weird to say it, but it is most certainly more honest to say "I am a genius"…

KW: I’m totally weird, and I’m totally honest, and I’m totally inappropriate sometimes. And the thing is for me to say I wasn’t a genius, I would just be lying to you and to myself.

JK: That's true, it’s false humility.

KW: Oh my god. It comes with your first ticket to LA, soon as you get off the plane, here’s your false humility. Maybe if keep up with this act long enough and go with this agency they'll give you a star on the Walk of Fame one day for kissing everybody's ass. But it's like that's not what we're doing. By the way, I want to shoutout the Walk of Fame,  because they said something like they’re not gonna put my girl on the Walk of Fame because she’s a reality star. It's like people are so so dated and not modern. There’s no way a Kim Kardashian shouldn’t have a star on the Walk of Fame. Its ridiculous old concepts. And you know for me, I’m just gonna give y’all the truth. It’s like my grandfather loved Ali until he died, and my grandmother hated Ali ’til she passed. So you’re gonna love me or you’re gonna hate me, but I’m gonna be me.

[Applause]

JK: Alright, Kanye West is here, more with Kanye when we come back.

Announcer: The best tweets of Kanye West.

Josh Groban: Can we please toast to the motherfuckin' douchebags tonight? Do you know where to find marble conference tables? Looking to have a conference... not until I get the table though.

At most his tweets are 140 characters, but the depth of his passion is immeasurable.

Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on. Man... what ever happened to my antique fish tank?

Announcer: You'll get all of your favorites

Josh Groban: Classical music is tight yo. I make awesome decisions in bike stores. French fries are the devil. Black is the new black.

Announcer: And many many more. Josh Groban's the best tweets of Kanye West includes 752 original songs on 48 CDs.

Josh Groban: I love me!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Announcer: In stores now.



[Kimmel]
So now, that was funny, right?

[Kanye]
I imagine the skit was probably funny too.

[Kimmel]
It wasn’t that funny, to be honest with you. It was a five, I’d give it. So I do want to ask you one more thing about the tweets because I just want to be clear--bring up that...yeah, that--do you really think I look like SpongeBob?

[Kanye]
It’s the first thing that came to my mind.

[Kimmel]
Where were you when you were writing those tweets. I like to imagine, on the toilet.

[Kanye]
Yeah, that’s when I think of the best shit.

I was just at my place here, my old home here in LA. As we were writing it, there was a frustration I was getting out, but also they were really funny to me as I was writing it, and I just thought it was so amazing that I was saying this in real time, in real life. You know, with my position, people are so scared to say anything, you know, as soon as you’re a celebrity, you’re not to say anything anymore. But just to completely wild out…

The only reason I could do that is because we could speak on a similar level, and we can go back and forth.

[Kimmel]
It was a crazy thing, to see that happen, as far as just the technology, and all of a sudden, everyone in the country knew you and I were having a really dumb fight.

[Kanye]
I just thought that that was amazing, to crack media, in a way. You know, I feel that media does everything they can to break creatives, to break artists, to break people’s spirits, and I do everything I can to break media.

[Kimmel]
From my standpoint, sometimes I’ll think of things and maybe it’s two o’clock in the morning on Saturday night, and my wife will go, “Don’t tweet that. Do not tweet that.” Because people take things out of context, but you just do it, you don’t care.

[Kanye]
You shoulda saw the second set of tweets…

[Kimmel]
Save them for next time.

I do just want to say congratulations on your new baby. In fact, I brought you a little gift. I made fun of this, but there really is such a thing as leather jogging pants, and there’s some tiny little leather jogging pants

[Kanye]
Fashion isn’t always practical. It’s more about emotion, it’s more about swag. It’s more about, you know, pussy. It’s more about, like, club. It’s more about style and stuff.

I remember me and my boy Virgil, that created the line Pyrex Vision. We sat as interns at Fendi like six years ago. We had cue cards and everything, and the leather jogging pants is one of the things we presented that didn’t go through, and the reason I brought that up in the Zane interview is because there are people who made whole careers off of creating leather jogging pants. It became  a phenomenon over the past three years. And it was to say, you know, I would sit with Hedi Slimane, who’s now the head designer of Saint Laurent, and he’d say, “Stop giving these  big brands your ideas and everything.” And it would just be like, what I was trying to express in the Zane interview was, like, me--I know I’m hip hop, and a rapper and everything--but I’ve got ideas that mean something if I could put the proper production around them. So when do a Nike Yeezy or a Louis Vuitton shoe, the production around it was at the same level as the production on my CD, or when me and Rick Rubin or Mike Dean of whoever are working together. But if I go out and make my own t-shirt or something, and I call it “Kanye,” everybody’s gonna think about when I just called myself a creative genius, and say “What’s so genius about this?” But when people line up for the Yeezy, they’re like, “Oh, wow, this is like really genius.” You need that production.

But currently in fashion and the way the fashion world works, there’s no black guy at the end of the runway in paris, in all honesty. And that’s what I was talking about when the Truman Show hit the boat.

[Kimmel]
What about a Steve Harvey collection?

[Kanye]
Yeah, no. There’s no Steve Harvey collection. No extra buttons on jackets or anything like that.

But for Michael Jackson, Michael Jackson had to fight to get his videos on MTV because he was considered to be “urban.” This is Michael Jackson.

[Kimmel]
That’s true. He was considered a Black artist and was not right for MTV at that time.

[Kanye]
Yeah, a black artist. So, for me, think about this: When I’m in Paris and I’m sitting in Fashion Week for nine years, and South Park makes fun of our outfits and all this, or people don’t understand why we’re there, I’m getting called names. Like stuff you can’t even say on TV. And I still can’t break that wall down. At a certain point, it’s like, Michael Jackson trying to get his videos on because, who do you know who’s known more for clothes than me? To not be able to do and produce to the highest level, and to have a meeting with everyone. I’m talking about Andrew Rosen of Theory, this guy over here, this guy who runs this company, Leanne [?].  These are the real people who produce the clothes that are on your back. Zara, out there with Ortega, Francois Pinault, everyone. And everyone just sort of looks at you  like you’re crazy and like you don’t crash the Internet. And you’re just like, “How can you get a shot?” And then you try to do it on your own, and like, real designers will work for a rapper, and you just cannot overcome it.

I mean, my grandfather drove the first cars in the marches just to get clean water, and one of the parallels  I wanted to do for you is, like, Richard Pryor used to always talk about, he just wanted a clean plate. He just wanted to serve his stuff on a clean plate.  So if I do an interview in W Magazine, right, and they take all these classist shots at me because--it’s not about racism anymore; it’s classism, that’s what I talked about.

Paula Deen, she was old-school with it. They’re like, “We don’t do it like that anymore, Paula Deen. We’re classist now.” So this classism is what they do to try to say, “You’re a rapper,” or “Your girl’s on a reality show. You’re not up here with us. You know, we’re old money, we--

[Kimmel]
It’s snobbery--

[Kanye]
It’s snobbery. And I’m not into all that snobbery. Because, you know what? We have the loudest voice, we have the loudest communication, and all we want to do is make awesome stuff. All we want is a real shot.  Not: OK, I’m a celebrity, so that means my line has to cost ten dollars a t-shirt. No, I understand about quality. I understand about fabrics. I spent ten thousand hours at this. I’ve dedicated my life to this. And a lot of people say, “OK, you have to do music.” I’m gonna keep doing music, but what if people told me I couldn’t rap, what woulda happened? What if people told me I couldn’t perform. I’m only 36 years old; I have other goals and other things.  And I’m gonna use my platform,  every platform, to stand up and say, “I want to make something, I want to make the next Ralph Lauren.” That was the point of the Zane interview, to say, people don’t stand up to protect their dreams. People are too scared of getting, you know, spoofed in a way. [Turns to Kimmel]

And the irony of it is, think about a creative person in school. When you picture them, you’re probably picturing them all the way in the back of the class sketching or maybe getting beat up, and I’m the one creative, and this is the reason why I did this, because creatives have gotten beat up my entire life, and there’s moments when I stood up to drug dealers in Chicago and said, “You can’t have my publishing. Come and kill me. Do whatever you’re gonna do, but you’re not going to bully me, you’re not gonna stop me, because my mother made me believe in myself.” No matter how many people tell me, “Stop believing in yourself! Stop seeing what you can do! Stop affirming what you’re gonna do and then completing that in real life.” That’s the improper way to do it. I refuse to follow those rules that society has set up and the way they control people  with low self-esteem. With improper information, with branding, with marketing… I refuse to follow those rules.

It’s about truth, it’s about information, it’s about awesomeness, and the only luxury is time. The time you spend with your family, that’s the only luxury. So this concept of “luxury” is improper to me. You know, with Nike, with Apple, you remember there was phones that cost 4,000 dollars?! Somebody pull out a Vertu phone right now, you look ridiculous, but there’s people who still spend five-thousand dollars on this bag, ten-thousand dollars on this to say, “Oh, we’re better than you.” I mean, taste, culture, art, you know, just the quality of your life. This is what I’m here to do, so  when I compare myself to Steve Jobs or Walt Disney, Howard Hughes, David Stern, Michelangelo, Da Vinci, Jesus of whatever it is, I’m saying, “These are my heroes. These are people I look up to. This is the type of impact I want to make on the earth.” If I can make this type of impact up to this point, what can I do, if you call Bob Iger and say, “Yo, give him a shot.” If you call Oprah and say, “Yo, back this kid. This kid, his parents were educators. He wants to educate. He wants to look at curriculums and say, ‘How do we simplify that?’”

Exactly what I did in music, I want to apply to product, I want to apply to education. This is what my company Donda is about. I could rap all I want, but without that Roc-a-Fella chain, and Damon giving me that Roc-a-Fella chain. I don’t care how beats I sold to whoever, I couldn’t have made it to the point to make “Jesus Walks.” And now, even as a celebrity,  I’ve reached a ceiling. And the way paparazzi talk to me and my family is disrespectful, also. We bring something of joy to the world. When people hear my music they have a good time. And I should be respected as such when I walk down the street. Don’t ask me a question about something you say in a tabloid. Don’t try to antagonize me. Cause, you know what, it’s not safe for you in this zoo. Never think that I’m not from Chicago for one second. And think you can walk right up and disrespect me and my family constantly.

And people say, “Well, you signed up to be a celebrity, blah blah blah…” It’s like, you know what, and I understand paparazzi, you gotta get your money, it’s hard out here, but let’s have respect for each other. You do help me get money, paparazzi,  you show people how fresh my outfit is, that helps me influence people.

[Kimmel]
But when they show up at your house in the middle of the night, and your wife and your daughter are there, there’s no human decency there.

[Kanye]
It’s a lack of decency.

[Kimmel]
Kanye West, everybody.



Zane Lowe: Grab a seat, grab a seat. So, you remember this place? Graduation? I was also thinking about some of the other things we've done as well with the BBC, like Abbey Road sprung to mind with the strings.

Kanye West: Oh yeah. That was good. That suit was like, I would've worn something different if I could look back right now. I could still do a suit, I just wouldn't have done that exact lapel situation.

ZL: But talk about really putting yourself on the line with that. That was so early on for you to be stepping in a room with that many players and to give yourself that objective. What are your thoughts when you think back about Abbey Road, where...it's just nuts.

KW: I thought it was good. I thought it was what I was supposed to do at that time. If I see something, if I see an opportunity, I'm gonna go for it. We're all gonna die one day.

ZL: Yeah, that's true.

KW: So live like that. Live like you could die tomorrow. Go for it. Those steps have been the platforms that allowed me to make it this far.

ZL: And you have, man, and you're here. Six original albums of your own, a Throne record, various records with G.O.O.D. Music to talk about. But seriously, man, Yeezus. Bravo, dude. I mean, that is one of the most creative records of any genre I've heard in a very, very long time, and just in terms of your output, your most exciting-sounding record, I think.

KW: Oh, thank you very much. Yeah, I feel I was able to start making exactly what was in my mind again, not having to speak with the textures of the time. Cause, you know, Cruel Summer is definitely Kanye West, and there's something weird and kind of off about "Mercy," like when it has the high-pitched (impersonates noise), that type of sound. It sounds like art still a little bit, even though it obviously was a radio smash.

But when I get into the idea, the trap drums and things like that, certain songs that are blatant radio hits, it's like I'm speaking with today's textures. If you look at it 200 years from now, it's not going to stand out in the way that 808s or Yeezus stands out, and can completely push or redefine or make people say, hey, I completely hate that, or I completely love that, but let me just think differently. Because everybody is bound to these -- no pun intended -- they're bound to sixteen bars or eight bars, and the normal radio thing.

I was talking to Frank Ocean about this, and said, my mom got arrested for the sit-ins, and now we're more like the sit-outs. Like, sit off of radio, and say, hey radio, come to us. We need to find something new, because it's being controlled in a way, and manufactured in a way, that really awesome artists can make amazing music and not break as far past as, like, something that's very formulaic.

ZL: So it almost feels like a duty to you in a weird way? Having the peoples' ear, having peoples' attention for great music, to be able to say, well, if I'm not challenging them enough, I'm not challenging myself, not challenging radio, what am I doing?

KW: Yeah. I'm not trying to regurgitate myself. I showed people that I understand how to make perfect. Dark Fantasy could be considered to be perfect. I know how to make perfect. But that's not what I'm here to do. I'm here to crack the pavement and make new grounds, sonically and society, culturally.

ZL: You've done that with Yeezus. It's fascinating for us to sit here and talk about this record now, because normally when I talk to artists about records of this nature, it's in the lead-up to something. So we're all kind of playing a guessing game, you know what I mean? You could tell me what you think of the record, but I'm trying to find my way around it, the audience probably won't have heard it. In this case, it's been out for a minute, so we can reflect on it with the benefit of hindsight, too. You've seen what everyone else has had to say about this record, both good and bad. But I'm fascinated to know, today, how you would describe Yeezus, as someone who made it. How you would describe that record.

KW: I just think that I'm a production person, I'm a product guy, I'm a producer. So if I'm working on a John Legend album, I'm gonna try to give John Legend the best home for him to stay in. And I'm gonna try to push Pusha T -- no pun intended once again, this keeps happening to me -- to make the thing that represents what I like about his music the most. And then for me as Kanye West, I gotta fuck shit up.

ZL: And you did, dude, seriously. From the minute it starts. I mean, seriously. (Plays opening to "On Sight"). It's disgusting.

So you're up in the loft probably at this point, and you're kicking around ideas, and you're putting things together, and this sound comes into your head, and you're like, this is what I'm looking for?

KW: Nah. This is me going to the studio with Thomas and Guy-Manuel, who's Daft Punk. They had a synthesizer the size of that wall right there. This is just one session right here. This beat was originally like 14 minutes long, and that part in the beginning was something we completely just distorted, and I ended up making that the intro.

ZL: You know, I got a beef with you over this track. It's too short! I wanted more out of it. Cause it's one of the best beats on the record for me, and it feels like you're just getting warmed up. Was that kind of deliberate, to pull back after only a couple of verses and go, you know what, we're going to get on with the album now?

KW: Nah, it's just what I felt, like it should be.

ZL: Just a dance thing.

KW: And you know, originally "Blood on the Leaves" was supposed to be first.

ZL: Wow.

KW: Which, psychologically, I know would have changed certain Yeezus naysayers about the album. It wasn't that time for me. I didn't want to come up there and perform. A lot of times, music can be presented as a service position. But I wanted to take a more aggressive approach with music.

You know, people go on a vacation and say, you got the drugs, you got the music, you got the wine? It's in that territory. But I wanted to speak up and say, okay, so my voice is only compressed to express myself artistically through music. It's the only place where I actually have a deal, so I can only consistently make things in music. So I'm gonna take music and I'm gonna try to make it three-dimensional, like on Star Wars and the hologram'll pop up out of R2D2. I'm gonna try to make something that jumps up and affects you, in a good or bad way. Whether it's, I'm going into a scream in the middle of the track because that's just the way I feel. But I'm not here to make easy listening, easy programmable music.

ZL: No. You're so off the reservation on this album in the best possible way. Like you talked about, the way you use your voice in different ways, you don't rely on conventional rhyming flows. Your opening line, "Yeezus season approaching," you know? "A monster's awoken." You're laying it out there, this isn't My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy part 2. I'm wilding out on this record, straight away.

(Plays interlude from "On Sight"). And then from nowhere as well, we just get treated to these wonderful moments where, like you say, it's almost like a collage. Like you're sitting here going, you know, why can't I go into this? Why not?

KW: You can.

ZL: And you did.

KW: That's how life is. It's like a car crash. You could just be driving, and just out of nowhere it happens.

ZL: At what point did that very deliberate feel to the record, whereby breaks come in and join this really discordant electronic moments and everything seems to exist in this very contradictory but it works kind of way, at what point did that start to take shape? Because it is very omnipresent through the record as a whole, the way it flips between one and the other. Was that in your head early on, or did that come towards the end when you started to reduce the record?

KW: Well, I didn't reduce it. Rick Rubin reduced it. He's not a producer, he's a reducer. (Laughs).

ZL: But was it always part of the process for you, to say, why don't I take elements of this and this and just (claps hands together) bolt it together?

KW: Yeah. It's just the way I was consuming information in my life at the time. Negative information to positive information, from the Internet, just going to the Louvre, going to furniture exhibits and understanding that, trying to open up and do interviews like this, learning more about architecture. Taking one thousand meetings, attempting to get backing to do clothing and different things like that. Getting no headway whatsoever. It was just that level of frustration. This is what frustration fucking sounds like.

This is what frustration sounds like. For me, as Kanye West, I would not be Kanye West if it wasn't for Michael Jackson. I was with Quincy Jones a couple days ago at John Legend's wedding. Quincy was telling me, it wasn't just Mike, but these guys broke down the barriers. Of course you know Michael Jackson, he had to fight to get his video played because he was black. This is Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson's not even black, he's Michael Jackson -- you know what I mean? He's so crazy, how can he even be classified as this black artist?

So for me, in my life and creativity it's been challenging and everything. But I was able to ascend to massive heights because of the foundation that my mother and my father and my grandfather laid through civil rights, what Michael Jackson did with music videos and the ground he broke. There would be no Kanye West if it wasn't for Michael Jackson - that allowed him to be that, right?

Now let's take people who have issues with me as Kanye West. They classify my motivational speeches as rants - like "Why is he saying that? Why is he doing that?" Well I've reached a point in my life where my Truman Show boat has hit the painting. And I've got to a point that Michael Jackson did not break down. I have reached the glass ceiling - as a creative person, as a celebrity.

When I say that it means I want to do product. I am a product person. Not just clothing but water bottle design, architecture, everything that you could think about. And I've been at it for 10 years, and I look around and I say, "Hey wait a second - there's no one around here in this space that looks like me." And if they are, they're quiet as fuck!

So that means - wait a second - now we're seriously in a Civil Rights movement. Like people used to joke about - remember our South Park photo - remember how funny that was? Do you think there would be a Givenchy in the hood if it wasn't for that South Park photo. But no one thinks about that - no one thinks about the names I got called for wearing tight jeans.

ZL: You reference that in the record, you talk about that. "No one's liked him since he's been wearing tight jeans." Everybody knows you brought back real rap. I mean you reference that in the record.

KW: I'm saying y'all had all that, but I brought real rap back. I'm going to do dope things. And I wanna take this opportunity to speak to something, because I go to Hypebeast sometimes to look at the new things that're coming out. And every time my name goes up, there's a series of people who write just negative comments - they wanna joke around and say, "Why is he still trying? Why is he doing this?" They like diss me as a person for trying. Now mind you, I've brought 10 years of product that has added to humanity.

And now, what they don't realize when I say "Hey this is Pusha T, this is what it is" I have to remind Pusha T that he's Pusha T. Because the radio, if they're not playing a song of his that has an R&B hook on it or works at a certain level of trap tempo and plays in clubs, it's like we forget about that Clipse album that meant everything.

And the reason why I relate it to design and what we do in design is saying that's the music that us as creatives that wanted to get into design - we looked at Clipse as the gods, and this is our soundtrack to creativity. And it's not a trap beat that comes in on that soundtrack to creativity. No knock to trap, cause I did "Can't Tell Me Nothing" - I like it. But it's been commercialized to the point where - and I'm not mentioning no names - but people used to use the term "R&B nigga" but then it was "rappers." But then rappers didn't wanna be no R&B nigga. Now the rappers is the new R&B niggas! The rapper's the new radio! Like where's the culture at? Where is the culture at?

So then I scream - and I'm sitting in the middle of it - whether I'm at a dinner with Anna Wintour, or I'm at a listening session with Pusha, or me and Virgil are in Rome giving designs to Fendi over and over and gettin' our designs knocked down. Brought the leather jogging pants 6 years ago to Fendi, and they said no. How many motherfuckers you done seen with a leather jogging pant? Meaning when I see Hedi Slimane and it's all like, "OK this is my take on the world" - yeah he got some nice $5,000 jeans in there, some nice ones here and there, some good shit here and there.

But we culture. Rap the new rock n' roll! We culture! Rap is the new rock n' roll! We the rock stars!

ZL: It's been like that now for a minute.

KW: It's been like that for a minute, Hedi Slimane! It's been like that for a minute. We the real rock stars, and I'm the biggest of all of 'em. I'm the number one rock star on the planet.

CLICK HERE FOR PART 2



Well seeing that, I think I, maybe for one of the first times in my life, I understand how it is to feel humbled. I want to say some "thank you"s really quick. Thank God for Stephen Hill, who is so sincerely good at exactly what he does and gives so much and doesn't care about what Ghost somebody's driving or how big somebody's house is and brings the most awesome collection of classic, current, and futuristic black music every day. So, make some noise for Stephen Hill to start this

So, since this is pre-taped and the fact that Adam Blackstone used to be my music director, I'm pretty sure he's not gonna start the music on me. If I go Chicago for a second, you know it was interesting when I went and visited Minister Louis Farrakhan, and I just really wanted to expand so much more on the things that I had been talking about over the past couple years. And it was interesting or groundbreaking and really special for me to see his reaction and his expression about my relationship with a woman not of color, and for us to focus on the idea of love and not the idea of separation. You know, at the barbershop and everything, I used to hear people talking about, "You know when an entertainer get on, of course you know he gon' go and get a white girl and buy her all this... and the white girl gon' go and get a rich black dude." But I want to say that my wife has dated broke black dudes. So it ain't got nothing to do with the money

And it takes me back to a story that she told me where her father, Robert Kardashian, walked out, and on the side of his Bentley, they wrote "Nigga lover" because Robert Kardashian was the genius that put together the defense team that got O.J. off. She had never seen her father curse, get mad, he was the most laid back human being. And he went so crazy and tried to chase the people down, and she sat there crying and said, "Dad why you going so crazy?" He said to her, "One day you may have a black child. A beautiful, beautiful, beautiful black child. And it's gonna be hard, you're gonna see how hard it is."

So, true enough, we deal with racism because there are different races, or the micro of it is that we focus on the different races, as opposed to the macro, which is the human race. The bit of soundbytes that everyone loved from last year that got taken out of context or misunderstood did come from a place of saying part of the reason why I'm not allowed to be empowered is because of race, because of people's perception of celebrity, because all they want to present to young black men is the idea of making it to the league or making it to be a rapper, but not the idea of becoming an owner. And they would do anything they can to make it seem like a truthful idea is a stupid idea or a crazy idea

Harriet Tubman said she could have freed so many more, and I'm sorry mom if that was incorrect English. Harriet Tubman could have freed more if they only knew they weren't free. So don't think that because we can afford this custom Balmain suit that we're free. And don't think that because we can buy a $300,000 car that we're free. And don't think that because it's 3% of a gated community that has colored people in it that we're free. It's the mentality, the slave mentality, where we all eventually become slaves to that car. Slaves to the perception. Slaves to the idea of being cool

I thought it was so appropriate the way Wayne Brady kicked his whole shit off tonight. For us to express ourselves. Our power, our oil, since we don't own any oil. Our oil is our expression, is our influence. Don't never let them take that away. And when we have the chance to express it and influence, don't only do it for us, do it for the human race



I am Kanye West, and that feels really great, especially to say this year. I came here to present my new video, but before that, I'ma talk. Now... Later tonight, "Famous" might lose to Beyoncé, but I can't be mad—I'm always wishing for Beyoncé to win, so, you know! But for people to understand just how blessed we are. It was an expression of our now. Our fame right now. Us on the inside of the TV. You know, just to put... the audacity to put Anna Wintour right next to Donald Trump... I mean, like, I put Ray J in there, bruh! This is fame, bro! Like... I see you, Amber! My wife is a G, not a lot of people's wives would let 'em say that! We came over in the same boat, now we all in the same bed. Well... maybe different boats, but you know. If you think about it, last week, it was 22 people murdered in Chicago. You know, like, people come to me like, "Man, that's right! Tell Taylor to..." Bro, like, I love all y'all! That's why I called her! So, I was speaking at the Art Institute last year and one kid came up to me and said, "Three of my friends died and I don't know if I'm gonna be the next." And it has to... you know, you have to think like, you know when you're a senior and it's like the last month and you just don't feel like doing anymore work? If you feel like you're seeing people dying right next to you, you might feel like what's the point? You know, like, life could be, like, start to feel worthless in a way. I know times for me, I sit down and talk to older, rich people, you know -- aka white -- and uh, they tell me, "Don't compare yourself to Steve Jobs, don't compare yourself to Walt Disney." And my friend Sekaya told me -- ayy, bruh, bruh!

They tell me, "Don't compare yourself to these people," right? My friend Sekaya told me it's three keys to keeping people impoverished: taking away their esteem, taking away their resources, and taking away their role models. My role models are Artists Merchants. It's less than 10 I can name in history. Truman, Ford, Hughes, Disney, Jobs, West

(Audience cheer) Bro! Broooo!

Tonight, we're here to have fun. I'm standing in front of my idol, Puff Daddy. I'm standing in front of my wife, Kim Kardashian West. I'm standing in front of the future, Chance The Rapper, 2 Chainz, Jaden Smith. Bro! We are undeniably the influence, the thought leaders. I'm gonna play y'all a piece of my art and I hope y'all have a good time



[Kanye West]

Y'all might as well get the music ready because this finna' take a while
Umm, When I had my accident I found out at that moment nothing in life is promised except death,
If you had the opportunity to play this game of life
you need to arpeeeciate every moment
a lot of people don't appreciate their moment until it's passed

[Crowd applauds]

[Kanye West]
And then, you got to tell those Al Bundy stories "You remember when I ?"
But, Right now is my time and my moment thanks to the fans, thanks to the accident, thanks to god, thanks to Roc-A-Fella, Jay-Z, Dame Dash, G, my mother, Rhymefest everyone that's helped me
And I plan to celebrate, I plan to celebrate and scream and pop champagne every chance I get becasue i'm at the grammys baby!

[Crowd aplauds]

I know everybody's asking the question, they wanted know "I know he's going to wild out, I know he's going to do something crazy"
Everbody wanted to know what I would do if I didn't win.

[Moment of silence]

[Kanye West]
I guess we'll never know.

[Crowd cheers]



[Intro: Nas]
Crack fucked up the world
And I wonder if they realized the damage
I mean, they come from an era
Who made a lot of money off that shit
And I wonder if it fucked with they conscience
It fucked with me being out there, I couldn't stand it
I couldn't stand seeing people fucking theyselves up like that on the shit
And that's where the money came from

[Chorus: Tyler The Creator & Frank Ocean]
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Shit's getting warmer, on that corner
Gotta watch out for them 5-0 foreigners
Your mother's a goner
I warned you before you supersized my fries with that dollar
You got a daughter, shit's getting harder
The only thing you wanna bunk her was your freedom
You can't afford to get caught up but you in too deep
And the seashore ain't saw ya
You got a mother, she don't support you
But you bought her a new house cause you love her
Growing up you barely had a roof
Now you got a coupe and it doesn't have a roof
I guess you’re accustomed what you’re used to
So you bought two, nigga
They coming for you, nigga
Niggas be hating I'm doing them bitches
Like Susan and Karen be doing your pockets
And running the man and he's losing his fucking mind
And it’s all an illusion
Who was alludin', all of this potent?
I am the reason your family is using and shooting up
It's my fault
You can, blame me, motherfucker
For killing your aunties and uncles
The hustle and hunger
All I wanted was a cheeseburger
And a little chain, tucked
Didn’t realize this game fucked, up some lives
Oh, how's mine?
My conscience eats it up all the time
But, other than that I’m fine
I got a little money in my pocket

[Chorus: Tyler The Creator & Frank Ocean]
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Nigga, we broke as fuck
Homie got a chop shop, I stole that truck
And I sold that dope, motherfuckers hope this nigga go broke
But like my work I give no fucks, I'm sorry (yeah)
She could have been a doctor, nigga, I’m sorry (yeah, nigga)
Could have been an actor and won that Oscar, said I'm sorry
I sold that soap and I killed black folk, I'm sorry (yeah, nigga)
But I got a nice car, put my sister through school
While my momma all cool, I'm sorry (yeah, nigga)
I'm in too deep and I can’t see the shore, I'm sorry

[Outro: Nas & Tyler, The Creator]
You get addicted to the flip, we used to call it
You get addicted to the flip (I'm sorry)
The, the, the, the transaction, the hustling (I'm sorry)
Even more than the money, it's just your job (I'm sorry)
You feel like it's your duty to be the man in between the man
And make this happen for that person (I'm sorry)
And to do this and do that
You become the go to guy forever
Next thing you know you’re in too deep
Way too deep, it'll scare the shit out of you
You wind up with so much work, that you'd be scared to death
It's important for us to realize man, we gotta get out of that, man
You know, dudes is buying choppers
Shoot down the people that look just like them
Dudes is buying guns to take down each other
Nobody wins, ya know what I mean?



[Hook]
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Excuse my charisma, vodka with a spritzer
Swagger down pat; call my shit Patricia
Young Money militia and I am the commissioner
You no wan' start Weezy ‘cause the 'F' is for finisher
So misunderstood, but what's a world without enigma?
Two bitches at the same time; synchronized swimmers
Got the girl twisted ‘cause she open when you twist her
Never met the bitch, but I fuck her like I missed her
Life is the bitch, and death is her sister
Sleep is the cousin—what a fuckin' family picture!
You know Father Time, and we all know Mother Nature
It's all in the family, but I am of no relation
No matter who's buyin', I'm a celebration
Black and white diamonds; fuck segregation!
Fuck that shit, my money up, you niggas just Honey Nut
Young Money runnin' shit, and you niggas just runner-ups
I don't feel I done enough, so I'ma keep on doin' this shit
Lil Tunechi or Young Tuna Fish

[Hook]
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch

I'm goin' back in…

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Okay, I lost my mind, it's somewhere out there stranded
I think you stand under me if you don't understand me
Had my heart broken by this woman named Tammy
But hoes gon' be hoes, so I couldn't blame Tammy
Just talked to Moms, told her she the sweetest
I beat the beat up; call it self-defense
Swear, man, I be seein' through these niggas like sequins
Niggas think they He-Men, pow, pow, the end
Talkin' to myself because I am my own consultant
Married to the money, fuck the world; that's adultery
You full of shit, you close your mouth and let yo' ass talk
Young Money eatin', all you haters do is add salt
Stop playin', bitch, I got this game on deadbolt
Mind so sharp I fuck around and cut my head off
Real nigga all day and tomorrow
But these motherfuckers talkin' crazy like they jaw broke
Glass half empty, half full, I'll spill ya
Try me and run into a wall; outfielder
You know I'ma ball 'til they turn off the field lights
The fruits of my labor, I enjoy 'em while they still ripe
Bitch, stop playin', I do it like a king do
If these niggas animals, then I'ma have a mink soon
Tell 'em bitches I say put my name on the wall
I speak the truth, but I guess that's a foreign language to y'all
And I call it like I see it, and my glasses on
But most of y'all don't get the picture 'less the flash is on
Satisfied with nothin', you don't know the half of it
Young Money, Cash Money
Paper chasin', tell that paper, "Look, I'm right behind ya"
Bitch, real Gs move in silence like lasagna
People say I'm borderline crazy, sorta kinda
Woman of my dreams, I don't sleep so I can't find her
You niggas are gelatin, peanuts to an elephant
I got through that sentence like a subject and a predicate
Yeah, with a swag you would kill for
Money too strong; pockets on bodybuilder
Jumped in a wishin' well, now wish me well
Tell 'em kiss my ass, call it kiss and tell

[Verse 3: Cory Gunz]
Word to my mama, I'm out of my lima bean
Don't wanna see what that drama mean
Get some Dramamine
Llama scream, hotter than summer sun on a Ghana queen
Now all I want is hits, bitch, Wayne signed a fiend
I played the side for you niggas that's tryna front, and see
Son of Gun, Son of Sam, you nigga's the son of me
Pause for this dumber speech, I glow like Buddha
Disturb me, and you'll be all over the flo' like Luda
Bitch, I flow like scuba, bitch, I'm bold like Cuba
And I keep a killer ho, she gon' blow right through ya
I be mackin', 'bout my stackin', now I pack like a mover
Shout to ratchet for backin' out on behalf of my shooter
Niggas think they high as I, I come laugh at your ruler
Cash Money cold, bitch, but our actions is cooler
Wayne, these niggas out they mind
I done told these fuck niggas so many times
That I keep them bucks steady on my mind
Tuck these, I fuck these on your mind, pause
To feed them, on my grind, did I get a little love
Keep throwin' my sign in the middle
Hit 'em up, piece on my side
‘Cause ain't no peace on my side, bitch
I'm a man, I visit urinals with pride
Tune told me to, I'm shootin' when the funeral outside
I'm uptown, thoroughbred, a BX nigga, ya heard? Gunna



[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Here we are
Just us
I know you want from the first time you seen me in the movie
Hanging on the shoulder of a villain
She could flatten a village
You know I'm usually chilling out with Bruce Willis
Somehow, you and my man met first
I was still stealing the money outta my gram-gram's purse
But you were
Running the streets, letting the blam-blam work
Back then we smoked nickels of dirt
Nowadays it ain't shit to drop a grip on dessert
And you wanna tell the feds about some shit and it hurts
Fuck it, so be it, you 'bout to know Jesus
Turn this motherfucker back into a fetus
Phone's tapped so speak Swedish when you call the crib
Rich forever motherfucker I was born to live
Die happy, knowing that my family's straight
I hope they didn't see the numbers on that Camry plate
I been a grown man since I had a baby dick
These motherfuckers ain't saying shit
Close my eyes, spray the whip, hit your rib twice
Now your kids gotta deal with this shit cause this is life

[Outro: Big Body Bes]
Yeah, and I'm fucking here now
It's fucking Body
What the fuck I'm doing?
Whole bunch a shit
I'm out there wilding
Got a fucking 50-year-old Puerto Rican with me
He don't even know my name
But he gon' stab something for me
He know what time it is
No watch on the wrist
Fuck outta here man
Smack the shit outta you then slap your son five
Your own family loves me more than you
Salute me every time
Every time I come to your fucking crib, it better be a plate wrapped up on the stove motherfucker
Cause you know I'm coming to eat
Fuck that I don't even want firsts, I want my seconds first
That's right, I eat right out the motherfucking pot
Fuck a spoon, I been eating hand to hand my whole life
I motivate myself motherfucker
Anytime I need to think about some shit man
I just go back and close my motherfucking eyes man
And go back to the sorrow
Fuck outta here man
My whole life is a fucking discography b
You stupid? Quadruple platinum
Oops, what's that? Another one



[Intro]
Smoking fucking thanksgiving turkey bags man
Surgical procedures
Ben Johnson
You already know

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Sign my name with the feather, tap dance under the full moon
Smoke and drinking liquor for the fam that left us too soon
Just keep it truckin', searching all the nooks and crannies
No english muffin, streets are filled with crooks and trannies
Bam bam got a shooter like Lagassee
Emerald green paper that I split up with my posse
One hand driving, 3 gram smoking
2 fiend sucking, tea bag soaking
Strength of a retard the drugs are even stronger
Shorty loved the longitude, dealer bring a quarter through
Over fishing make the snapper less affordable
I hate when stupid bitches ask me questions that's rhetorical
Like "do you want to have sex?", well bitch, it's obvious
Her name was Jeta from the former Yugoslavia
She grew a bush like a baby plant
Still I ate it, just think of it as bucatin' and razor clams
Smuggle cheeses in a baby bag
And then I serve at a private tasting
I got no time for wasting
Just dick is placed in the slit no type of conversation
And prime rib from LaFrieda carved at the blablablabla
Fuck, fucked my last word up cause I don't give a shit man
I meant to say prime rib carved at the fucking carving station but yo

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
Yo my mind is locked up, my conscious rocked up
In an alley with a fiend getting his cock sucked
Plus she wearing a wedding dress a special day
She said she finally met a… Fuck
Yo, my mind is locked up, my conscious rocked up
In an alley with a fiend getting his cock sucked
And she wearing a wedding dress, a special day
She said she finally met a man to take her breath away
Well naturally I'm jealous, because I'm lonely
At times my only friends in life are drugs and the cannoli
My dad was right I shoulda listened when he told me
A walking contradiction wounds inflicted on me solely
Pain within running deeper than the ocean floor
Ocean-Bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh yo
Pain within running deeper than the ocean floor
Ocean avenue, the family straight from Kosovo
That was years ago mum look how your son has bloomed
I hum a tune and then I'm hotter than the sun in June
And I'm just living my life but feel I'm drifting
Demons on the doorstep, lungs that feel constricted
Or maybe I should see a shrink and get prescripted
Or take the hand of God but shit I think i'll keep my distance
I think I'm frightened and I didn't even know it
But yo, that was a thought and I'm subconsciously a poet
It's perfect timing and I hope that I don't blow it
I pop the bottle of the moet, yo here's to me

[Bridge: Big Body Bes]

[Verse 3: Action Bronson]
Late nights I'm trying to stay up out of the orange skips
Great white sharks, the .38 with tarnished tip
27 years I never met an honest bitch
Slice their faces like Kitana and shit
Through my nasal blow the smoke
Basil on the boat
Hookers on the half shell, hundred dollar pants
Wind breaker jacket flapping like a falcon from a westward wind
Play the kitchen like a mexican, next of kin
Patrick Swayze… We out!

[Outro]



Part I: 911

[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me)
(Call me) How you doin'?
(Call me) My name is Lonely, nice to meet you
Here's my number
You can reach me, woo!

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
(Call me)
911, call me some time
(You should call me)
911, call me some time
911 (You should call me, oh)
911 (Call me)

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
My thirst levels are infinity and beyond
Sippin' on that lemonade, I need a Beyoncé
Can't see straight, these shades are Céline Dion
Sucks you can't gas me up, shout out to Elon
Musk, yeah, I got a sold out show
Crowd wild out but don't matter 'cause you not front row
I've been lookin' for a keeper, listen to the speaker
If you fit description, hit me on my beeper
At that 911

[Bridge: Steve Lacy, Anna of the North & Tyler, The Creator]
Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line, you know I'll answer (click)
Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & Anna of the North]
Call me
911, call me some time
You should call me
911, call me some time
911, (you should call me, oh)
911, (you should call me)

[Verse 2: Frank Ocean]
Chirp, chirp
Chirp, chirp
Woke up in the 'burbs, 'burbs, with the birds, birds
Where you used to come and get me with the swerve, swerve
These days you gotta find time
Even the night line
Work line
Dial nine

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
Five car garage
Full tank of the gas
But that don't mean nothing, nothing
Nothin', nothin', without you shotgun in the passenger
I'm the loneliest man alive
But I keep on dancing to throw 'em off
I'm gon' run out of moves 'cause I can't groove to the blues
If you know any DJs, tell 'em to call me at 911...

Part II: Mr. Lonely

[Intro: A$AP Rocky, ScHoolboy Q & Tyler, The Creator]
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old lonely ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Forreal, you need to go somewhere, like, get some bitches or something
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old weird ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been
Lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely

[Verse: Tyler, The Creator]
They say the loudest in the room is weak
That's what they assume, but I disagree
I say the loudest in the room
Is prolly the loneliest one in the room (that's me)
Attention seeker, public speaker
Oh my God, that boy there is so fuckin' lonely
Writin' songs about these people
Who do not exist, he's such a fuckin' phony
One thing I know, is that I wanna
Win so bad, but I'm not Chicago
Heart is low, it's real low, it's so low
You can't lift me up, I'm like Gallardo
From the start it's been real dark
It's been so dark, I guess that you could call me charbroiled, huh
I'm playin' like Hasbro
I'm really Saari, call me Arto
Crashed the McLaren, bought me a Tesla
I know you sick of me talkin' 'bout cars (skrrt)
But what the fuck else do you want from me?
That is the only thing keepin' me company
Purchase some things until I'm annoyed
These items is fillin' the void
Been fillin' it for so long
I don't even know if it's shit I enjoy (ohh)
Current battle as an adult
My partner is a shadow
I need love, do you got some I could borrow?
Fuck it, I could find some tomorrow
But that never comes
Like a vasectomy, what have I done?
I got the talent, the face and the funds
Found myself long ago but I haven't found someone (who)
Mirror, mirror on the wall (who)
The loneliest of them all (me)
Cupid actin' stupid
Do you got another number I could call?
Never had a pet
I've never had a pet
There's more fish in the sea
But I never had a goldfish to begin with
I never had a dog
So I've never been good with bitches
'Cause I never threw a ball, fetch
I never had a pet, that's where it stems from, I bet
Treat me like direct deposit
Check in on me sometime
Ask me how I'm really doin'
So I never have to press that 911

[Outro: Jasper]
Ohh! Damn! Damn!



[Intro]
"It has come to our attention that a mysterious force is loose somewhere in outer space."
"The mysteries of creation are there."
"Up in the sky?" "Up in the sky."
"The moon and the planets are there
And new hopes for knowledge and peace are there
And therefore as we set sail, we ask God's blessing
On the most hazardous and dangerous and greatest adventure on which man has ever embarked."
"Prepared for lift off."

[Verse 1: Guru]
I Self Lord and Master shall bring disaster to evil factors
Demonic chapters shall be captured by Kings
Through the storms of days after
Unto the Earth from the Sun through triple darkness to blast ya
With a force that can't be compared
To any firepower, for it's mindpower shared
The brainwave causes vessels to circulate
Like constellations reflect at night off the lake
Word to the Father and Mother Earth
Seeking everlasting life through this Hell for what it's worth
Look listen and observe
And watch another Cee Cipher pulling my peeps to the curb
Heed the words, it's like ghetto style proverbs
The righteous pay a sacrifice to get what they deserve
Cannot afford to be confined to a cell
Brainwaves swell, turning a desert to a well
Experience the best teacher
Thoughts will spray like street sweepers, little Daddy street preacher
Illustrious feature, narrator you select
Accompanied by Deck plus the DJ you respect
The seven and a half combined, over the front line
The ten percenters promoting slander in the airtime
Bear in mind jewels be the tools of the trade
Sharp veins, heavenly praise and dues are paid

[Hook: Guru]
Above the crowds, above the clouds
Where the sounds are original
Infinite skills create miracles
Warrior spiritual, above the clouds
Raining down, holding it down

[Verse 2: Inspectah Deck]
I leave scientists mentally scarred, triple extra large
Wild like rock stars who smash guitars
Poison bars from the gods bust holes in your mirage
And catch a charge, shake 'em down like the riot squad
Invade your zone, ruin like ancient Rome
I span the universe and return to Earth to claim my throne
The maker, owner, plus soul controller
Ayatollah rest in the sky, the cloud's my sofa
Stand like Collossus regardless to whom or what
Numerous attempts at my life, so who to trust?
Who but us to supply ya with the fire
The burning truth, 150 Absolut proof
On the mic like Moses spoke in golden scribe
Survivor of the oldest tribe whose soldiers died
I notified families, we shed tears and mourn
But our hands are on the ammo 'cause the battle still on
Sound the horn, we come rumblin' through the function
Precise laser beam technique to touch somethin'
When we die hard, they'll build a monument to honor us with
Humongous effect in the world, we could have conquered it

[Hook: Guru]
Above the crowds, above the clouds
Where the sounds are original
Infinite skills create miracles
Warrior spiritual, above the clouds
Raining down, holding it down
Above the crowds, above the clouds
Where the sounds are original
Infinite skills create miracles
Warrior spiritual, above the clouds
Raining down, holding it down



[Verse 1]
Listen
Bad ass bitch, big ass titties man
Got a fucking AK size of a fucking mini-van
Listen (That's a big ass gun)
Y'all niggas got problems, then y'all do it
I got so much fucking money in my pockets I fucking walk stupid
Hold up (Hold up watch out, stupid yo)
Bad bitch look good in some nice pants
But my bitch look good in some nice pants
Niggas see me they be like shit god damn AK-47 tucked in that nigga nice pants, hold up
(Hold up, hold up)
Ya'll got a little nigga started on some G shit
"Who that nigga that looked swagged out?"
THAT'S ME BITCH
Don't play with a niggas money or his fucking family (Pow)
I got little niggas one named Johnathan and one named Tammy
Y'all niggas got a fucking problem say it to my fucking face
Got little niggas that will sock you in the fucking face
And if you think they won't sock you in the fucking face
"You a bit-" (Sock in the face noise)
Pop you right in your fucking face



[Produced by Jake One]

[Verse]
Kicked off my shoes, tripped acid in the rain
Wore my jacket as a cape, and my umbrella as a cane
The richest man rocks the snatch-less necklace
Spineless bitches in backless dresses
Wore my feelings on my sleeveless
My weed seedless, my trees leafless
I miss my diagonal grilled cheeses
And back when Mike Jackson was still Jesus
Before I believed in not believing in
Yeah, I inhaled, who believed in me not breathing in
Cigarette stained smile all covered in sin
My big homie died young; just turned older than him
I seen it happen, I seen it happen, I see it always
He still be screaming, I see his demons in empty hallways
I trip to make the fall shorter
Fall quarter was just a tall order
And I'm hungry, I'm just not that thirsty
As of late, all my verses seem not so verse-y
And all my words just mean controversy
Took the team up off my back, like "That's not your jersey?"
Stressin', pullin' my hair out, hoping I don't get picked
All this medicine in me hoping I don't get sick
Making all of this money hoping I don't get rich
'Cause niggas still getting bodied for foams
Sometimes the truth don't rhyme
Sometime the lies get millions of views
Funerals for little girls, is that appealing to you?
From your cubicle desktop, what a beautiful view
I think love is beautiful too
Building forts from broken dams, what a hoover could do
For future hoopers dead from Rugers
Shooting through the empty alley
Could've threw him an alley-oop
Helping him do good in school
Damn that acid burn when it clean ya
I still miss being a senior
And performing at all those open mic events
Eyes closed, eyes closed seeing arenas
And I still get jealous of Vic
And Vic's still jealous of me
But if you touch my brother
All that anti-violence shit goes out the window along with you
And the rest of your team
Smoking cigarettes to look cooler
I only stop by to look through ya
And I'm only getting greedier
And I'm still Mr. Youmedia
And I still can't find Talent
And I'm still choosing classmates that wouldn't fuck
Mom still thinks I should go back to school
And Justin still thinks I'm good enough
And Mama Jan still don't take her meds
And I still be asking God to show his face
And I still be asking God to show his face

[Outro]
I am a new man, I am sanctified
Oh, I am holy, I have been baptized
I have been born again, I am the White Light
Rain, rain don't go away



[Produced By: Noah "40" Shebib & Omen]

[Intro]
Uh, yeah, uh, opportunity be knockin', let a motherfucker in

[Hook]
Opportunity be knockin', you gotta let a motherfucker in
I kiss my mother on the cheek, tell her that I love her
You ain't gotta worry 'bout a thing, I got it covered
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Ma, you know I'm still your little baby

[Verse 1]
All my life I was a fuck-up, now I pull the truck up
Same bitch stuck up, now she wanna suck us
See me hangin' out the window, screamin', "What, what?!"
No more tough luck, a different cloth is what I'm cut from
Baby, oh, my lord
The cops chasin' Bronson in an all-white Ford
Shit, I'm on that all-night tour
Bitch, I'm alright, but I'm off that raw
I'm in a robe dancin' salsa on the top floor
You would swear I'm Puerto Rican, but I'm not, lord
Hot hoes every city that we go, singin'
"Heads high, kill 'em with it now!"
Uh, all I do is eat oysters
And speak six languages in three voices
It's Adriatic Summers on a sail boat
Don't even try to call, I'm not available for nothin'
Unless it's stupid paper, hop out the Studebaker
With Anita Baker, uh

[Hook]
Opportunity be knockin', you gotta let a motherfucker in
I kiss my mother on the cheek, tell her that I love her
You ain't gotta worry 'bout a thing, I got it covered
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Ma, you know I'm still your little baby

[Verse 2]
Uh, I feel so alive, I think I shit myself
I should kiss myself
I'm starin' at the man inside the mirror
The reflection shows a wolf though (AOOOH!)
Goddamn, I'm still cute, ho (Yeah)
All my women play the flute
Saw me plate some melon and prosciutt'
Left handed, make the Fender cry
Count money with a reverend's smile, the Devil's eye
Half-Cherokee and Gemini, uh
Motherfuckers'll dump heat, from Jump Street
And turn your chest plate to lunch meat
I'm in a Humvee, lookin' like a young me
Now these motherfuckers all wanna be chubby
I switch the season, now the hair's curled
Tan skin, I need a bad girl
Cause James Brown said, "It's A Man's World"
In a Transam' Twirl, the burner handle made of pearl
That's just "Daddy's Little Girl"

[Hook]
Opportunity be knockin', you gotta let a motherfucker in
I kiss my mother on the cheek, tell her that I love her
You ain't gotta worry 'bout a thing, I got it covered
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Ma, you know I'm still your little baby



[Intro]
That's right (sniff sniff)
Bam Bam in the mother fucking building
Queens, New York
Straight up
Drop that shit
It's me
I built this shit
Yeah

[Verse 1]
Let me begin baby, my name is Bronsoliño
All I see is C-notes, silk shirts at the casino
It's time to take those leather pants off, this ain't no dance off
I know your hands soft, you're on the menu like the lamb broth
This is a grown man's sport
And, dog, I leave a motherfucker laid out on the handball court
I never brag and boast, I'm fire out the dragon's nose
My words pronounced just like a camel toe
And every whip in the garage laced
Keep that thing in the guitar case, bait the cops into a car chase
Crash the mother fucking Jeep into the venue
You better pray to God it's straight to Heaven where they send you
Ah, why the fuck would I have a bodyguard
If I look just like the mother fucking bodyguard
Baby hair curls on my forehead, leave your whore dead
Hop out that four times, four door and draw lead
I'm underground and I need more bread
And I need more head from some bitches straight from Morehead
State your business cause I'm busy tanning naked
My joint is shaking while I'm wearing bracelets
Uh, your words are tasteless, your taste is basic
My taste in Asics will lead your fucking spaceship into Matrix
This place I made is quite spacious
And dog I'm not the one to fucking play with
Hear me?



[Intro]
To my niggas that went out in line on duty
21-gun salute! One love, one thug, one nation
(Let’s get down, let’s do this!)
21-gun salute! (Come on, yeah, let’s do this!)
21-gun salute!  (Come on, come on, let’s do this!)
All the time I be…

[Hook]
Hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke

[Verse 1]
21-gun salute, dressed in fatigues, black jeans and boots
Disappeared in the crowd, all you seen was troops
This little nigga named Nas think he live like me
Talking 'bout he left the hospital, took five like me
You live in fantasies, nigga, I reject your deposit
We shook Dre punk ass, now he out of the closet
Mobb Deep wonder why a nigga blowed 'em out
Next time grown folks talk, nigga, close your mouth!
Peep me, I take this war shit deeply
Done seen too many real players fall
To let these bitch niggas beat me
Puffy, let's be honest: you a punk or you will see me with gloves?
Remember that shit you said to Vibe about me bein' a thug?
And you can tell the people you roll with whatever you want
But you and I know what's goin' on
Payback, I knew you bitch niggas from way back
Witness me strapped with MAC's, knew I wouldn't play that
All you old rappers tryin' to advance
It's all over now, take it like a man
Niggas lookin' like Larry Holmes (look at De La Soul!)
Flabby and sick
Tryin' to player hate on my shit, you eat a fat dick
Let it be known, this is how you made me
Lovin' how I got you niggas crazy

[Hook]
Against all odds, hopin' my thug motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
Against all odds, hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote

[Verse 2]
I heard he was light-skinned, stocky, with a Haitian accent
Jewelry, fast cars and he's known for flashin'
Listen while I take you back and lace this rap
A real live tale about a snitch named Haitian Jack
Knew he was workin' for the feds
Same crime, different trials, nigga, picture what he said
And did I mention?
Promised to payback, Jimmy Henchman, in due time
I know you bitch niggas is listenin', the world is mine
Set me up, wet me up, niggas stuck me up
Heard the guns bust, but you tricks never shut me up
Touch one of mine, on everything I love
I'll destroy everything you touch
Play the game, nigga; all out warfare, eye for eye
Last words to a bitch nigga: "Why you lie?"
Now you gotta watch your back, now watch your front
Here we come, gunshots to Tut, now you stuck
Fuck the rap game, nigga, this M.O.B
So believe me, we enemies, I go against all odds

[Hook]
I'm hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
I'm hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote; against all odds

[Verse 3]
Puffy gettin' robbed like a bitch, to hide that fact
He did some shit he shouldn't have did, so we ridin' for that
And that nigga that was down for me, restin' dead
Switched sides, guess his new friends wanted him dead
Probably be murdered for the shit that I said
I bring the real, be a legend, breathin' or dead
Lord, listen to me, God don't like ugly, it was written
Ayo, Nas, your whole damn style is bitten
You heard my melody, read about my life in the papers
All my run-ins with authorities, felonious capers
Now you wanna live my life
So what's a "chazzer," Nas? Niggas that don't rhyme right
You've seen too many movies
Load 'em up against the wall, close his eyes
Since you lie you die — goodbye!
Let the real live niggas hear the truth from me
What would you do if you was me? Nigga

[Hook]
Hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
Against all odds, hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke; against all odds

[Outro]
21-gun salute, one love to my true thug niggas
(Outlaw! Outlaw! Outlaw!)
21-gun salute to my niggas that die in the line of duty
Representin' to the fullest, bein' soldiers with military minds
That play the rules of the game, 21-gun salute
I salute you, my niggas, stay strong
I ride for you, I rhyme for you, I roll for you, it's all for you
To all you bitch-made niggas, I'm comin' for you
Against all odds, I don't care who the fuck you is
You touch me, I'm at you
I know you motherfuckers didn't think I forgot
Hell nah, I ain't forgot, nigga
I just remember what you told me
You said don't go to war unless I got my money right
I got my money right now, now I want war



[Verse 1]
First step is intention, second step is a glance
Then divine intervention
Mixing science religion
Pretending like we giants
Promise I was the biggest
For the lovers of dancing, this is color enhancing
Two strangers passing on the metro, what were the chances
People walk into circles
Every audience listens
They taking turns judging, everybody got issues
I be moving my feet and on varied tables I'm eating on
Up, we're cutting a rug, was it something I said
Put on Erykah's album, I can tear up a mountain
Get your eagle on, naw, more peregrine falcon
They sit in the darkness
They connect they courting naked in different apartments
Don't say nothing that's awkward
Take them up on that offer
And you'll be partnered up for life flying up in a saucer
And they trying to cat daddy, I'm hella allergic

[Hook]
I've been doing my research, so I know that move
I studied them all
I seen that swing
I've been watching it for hours, so don't get too close
She kick real high
They swing real low
I done been in that position so I know that spell
I read that book
I know those lines, I see 'em coming back around

[Verse 2]
First step is intention, second step is a glance
Then divine intervention
Mix of science religion
Environmentalist dance, make 'em sign a petition
For the lovers of dancing, this is color enhancing
Two strangers passing on the freeway, what were the chances
Don't be acting embarrassed, that's the whackest awareness
They get it in before their skin starts cracking and tearing
Heaven's not for the living
Ordained reverend and comparative monster religion
Sit in my pews
Cruise ship in the Pacific, we can bend the rules
And do the Transylvania boogie to forbidden blues
She did the peanut butter jelly, ain't nobody looking
The soul train line's long and it's sloppy and crooked
The chicken noodle soup and poodle skirt and hula hooping
The bullshit's twerking, you wanna see the Juicy Fruit
Ain't no keeping a distance, murdered the shadow

[Hook]
I've been doing my research, so I know that move
I studied them all
I seen that swing
I've been watching it for hours, so don't get too close
She kick real high
They swing real low
I done been in that position so I know that spell
I read that book
I know those lines, I see 'em coming back around

[Verse 3]
We can do it for safety like a factory worker
Trying to balance a beam
Skirt's floating cause she's twirling around in a dream
It's the easiest hustle
You catch a swing and then you squeeze your trapezius muscles
It takes a year or two
Your old friends you done found yourself getting nearer to
Who wants to hear the truth
Well you can do the wop
And plug us in, we got it poppin' in computer shops
First step is intention, second step is a glance
Then divine intervention
Mixing science religion
Pretending like we giants
Promise I was the biggest
For the lovers of dancing, this is color enhancing
Two strangers passing in the hallway, what were the chances



[Intro: Andre 3000]
Yeah! Killer keeps it honest
Cause reality is perception with a weak stomach
Bubbling uneasy like the bowels of hell (Boo!)
Enough to make a black ghost turn pale

Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!

[Verse 1: Killer Mike]
K-I-L-L
This is the name that came to alter the game
Not like these rappers who spit it the same
Separate lames from they chain
My mind don't slack
I'm totally focused on beating up tracks
Monsterous music to beat in your 'Lac
1000 watt amp with woofers in back
Lean to da left if you burning a sac
Baby got back and its in Baby Phat
Pardon me dog 4 chasing the cat
I'm hittin all kittens meowing like that
I like the front but I'm loving the back
I like to bite and I'm hoping she scratch
Escalade dipping I'm holding the lane
Mama's a scholar she blowing my brain
Ain't that the life?
Snapping & Trappin and Rappin & Frappin all night
Lil mama's a plumber she handling pipe
Ill wit a pill she handle it right
Like Iverson, the smallest thing on the team
But the livest one
Cocked loaded bust like a gun
Y'all better run, one, one!

[Hook: Killer Mike & Big Boi]
Thump, thump, thump, thump (yeah)
All in your trunk (yeah)
Grinding and hustling and getting at mine
Swerving and token and grippin on pine

Bump, bump, bump, bump
All in your trunk
Woofers and tweeters and speakers and geekers
Crawl in your bunk

[Verse 2: Killer Mike]
How we gon' stop (whooa)
How we gone quit (shitttt!)
Brand new shoes and socks on the Chevy
I came through swerving like this (errrrr!)
Good wit the game, gutter fo' show
Ducking you lames and obstacles
Don't get that ass in a hospital
Wrapped in a cast from head to toe
This boy he real!
Racing those candy Sevilles through Dixie Hills
My car do wheelies they drive on three wheels
First round pick like Michael Vick
Quarterback status throw passes at chicks
Santana Moss When catching the ball
Get it? Like Moss she catches the ball
Perfectly tuned my engine don't stall
And I'm equipped with nitros y'all
Ready to rip, burn, roar!
Ready to tear through your city and tour
Took The Whole World and murdered that shit!
Caught the beat running and dipped with that bitch!
Later for now I'm hustling hits
Flipping my words like bricks, trick!

[Hook]

[Outro]
New, new! That new-new!
New-new for you-you!
New-new for you-you!

That new-new! That new-new!
New-new for you-you!
New-new for you-you!



[Produced By: Party Supplies]

[Verse: Action Bronson]
Sittin' first class, feelin' like shit though
Starin' out the window with the mind of a schizo
Thinkin' if I jump, will I feel it when I hit the ground?
Fuck that, I want the crown off anybody head
I wouldn't care if everybody's dead
It's why I keep the pump shotty layin' in the bed
Have a fuckin' sleepover with my weapons
My Rambo knife is eatin' nuggets with my Smith & Wesson
Shit, I made this out of nothin'
Damn, these ladies love me out in London
Laurenivici served the granulated onion
My mind is locked in a contaminated dungeon
Dog, what the fuck is with your mother?
She got one leg longer than the other
One eye through the shutter
Made the transition from weed to butter, like spring to summer

[Hook: Action Bronson & Black Atlass]
I nearly lost my mind
All a motherfucker got is time, time, time
Time, time
I nearly lost my brain
Dealin' with this motherfuckin' pain, so bad
So bad, I'm so glad

I nearly lost my mind
All a motherfucker got is time, time, time
Time, time
I nearly lost my brain
Dealin' with this motherfuckin' pain, so bad
So bad, I'm so glad

I nearly lost my brain
Dealin' with this motherfuckin' pain, so bad
So bad, I'm so glad



[Intro: 2Pac + Dru Down]
Ah, yeah! Hahaha (Yeah)
It's all about you, one time (I'ma say it's all about you, baby, yeah)
Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you (It's all about you) (This Dru Down in the house
With my boy 'Pizznac, you know what I'm sayin'?)
It's all about you (Yeah, I'm gon' say it's all about you
But you know I'm lyin' though, ha! Yeah)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
You probably crooked as the last trick
Want to laugh 'bout how I got my ass
Caught up with this bad bitch?
Thinkin' I had her, but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck, I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love
In every club, I see you starin' like you want it
Well, baby, if you got it, better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin' these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla, but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it
Fantasies of us kissin', can I hit it?
Addicted to the things you do
But still true what I'm sayin', boo, ‘cause this is all about you

[Chorus: Nate Dogg + 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Yeah, nigga
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me, I'm a thug nigga
I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers
I love niggas ‘cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa and I don't even care?
Creep low, weed smoke's in the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show
I just seen you in my friend's video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you
Yeah, nigga, it's all about you

[Chorus: Nate Dogg + 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Verse 3: Hussein Fatal]
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch-ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty ho?
You think it's all about you? Well, boo
I gets down like Dru, and my nasty new niggas, too

[Verse 4: Yaki Kadafi]
You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Gold diggin', cold diggin' a gold Rolex

[Verse 5: Hussein Fatal]
I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cut, I came to fuck, try skeezin' me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia
(It's all about you)

[Chorus: Nate Dogg & 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Outro: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
I'm tellin' ya, it's the same old shit
I mean, goddamn, you know what I'm sayin'?
I'm sittin' back, watchin' Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch who was in my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel, I'm checkin' out my homeboy 2Pac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video
You know what I'm sayin'? And then, you know what I'm sayin'?
What make that even more fucked up
I'm watchin' a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch on the Million Man March
That was in the homeboy Warren G video!
I mean, damn, everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same ho
Don't get mad, I'm only bein' real, yeah



[Intro: Theophilus London, sample, & (Kanye West) ]
Nothing bout you
Nothing bout you
I wanna tell you
(All day, nigga)
Dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy
(All day, nigga)

[Hook 1: Kanye West]
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many...do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish...they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 1: Kanye West & Kendrick Lamar]
This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it’s just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
Talkin' big face, nigga
Put yo' ass back of pocket like a switch blade, nigga, uh
I ain't tryna play, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
All day, nigga
'Ye in the building like a hallway, nigga
Still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
Might...naturally all day, nigga
If...have Allstate with you, uh
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
Ride 'round something and it's all day, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
...then booked it like the Barclays Center, uh

[Interlude: sample & (Kanye West)]
Nothing bout you
Nothing bout you
I wanna tell you
(All day, nigga)

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
All day hoe, my neck look sweeter than parfait hoe
Rap Derek Jeter in a red two-seater
I can throw this dick from far away hoe (swish it, swish it)
Ask me how long do it take to be the greatest
I'm a bar away hoe (swish it, swish it)
Damn Kanye never will it be safe
Bitch I already know (swish it, swish it)
24/7 365 days everybody gettin' paid
Nigga lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJ's
Chitown, PJ all of BJ
Chitown, we play for the freebase
These days, don't believe what police say
DJ's and the B-boys run shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch

[Interlude: Theophilus London & sample]
Nothing bout you
Nothing bout you
I wanna tell you
So won't you dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy

[Outro: Paul McCartney]
Little darling, let me run (let me run)
Until I find myself
In the morning sun
Give me freedom (give me freedom)
Give me space
I want to find myself
In that special place
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa



[Intro: Kanye West (Theophilus London)]
All day, nigga
(Dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy)

[Chorus 1: Kanye West]
All day, nigga
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish, how long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it’s just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
For that Jesus piece, man, I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga
Told him I've been on ten since the 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
Uh, they better watch what they say to me
Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day
Yeah, I still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
If you run into me, better have Allstate with yah
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
'Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
Yeah, the dropout at it as always nigga, as always
All day, nigga

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed

[Chorus 2: Kanye West]
All day, nigga
How-h-how long you ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How long it take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
Pour some Hen out for my niggas that died, all day, nigga
And I keep a bad bitch on the passenger side, all day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I could do this all day, boy, I'm finna turn this bitch out
They need that Ye in the streets, boy, there's been a mothafuckin' drought
Don't really matter what I make, boy, you know I still go wild
Like a light-skinned slave, boy, we in the mothafuckin' house!
Right now, you lookin' real sus right now
I swear I've been on this flight like a month right now
Stupid niggas gettin' money, Forrest Gump right now
Shout-out to Jackie Chan, I need to stunt right now
They've been lookin' at the Gram, I've been lookin' at the Grammys
Like, huh, that's us right now
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid
Niggas lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
People saying, "Ye, Ye, take it easy"
20 Gs for the Yeezys off of eBay
Niggas do the most and they ain't done shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch

[Bridge: Theophilus London (Kanye West)]
(Hands up, hands up, hands up)
Hands up, hands up, hands up
So won't you dance? ayy, ayy ayy ayy
(All day, nigga)

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed

[Break: Kanye West]
Get low, alright
Get low, alright
What up? Alright, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Guitar Interlude: Paul McCartney]
Whistling

[Outro: Paul McCartney]
Well, well, well, let me run (let me run)
Let me run to see who came undone
You've been right in my face
Let me run 'til you're off my case
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa

[Produced by Velous, Kanye West, Diddy and Charlie Heat; Co-produced by Mike Dean, French Montana and Noah Goldstein; Additional production by Plain Pat, Travi$ Scott, Allen Ritter & Mario Winans]



[Intro: 2Pac]
Big Syke, Newt, Hank, Beugard, Big Sur
Y'all know how this shit go
All eyes on me
Motherfuckin' OG
Roll up in the club and shit, is that right?
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
But you know what?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I bet you got it twisted, you don't know who to trust
So many player-hatin' niggas tryna sound like us
Say they ready for the funk, but I don't think they knowin'
Straight to the depths of Hell is where them cowards goin'
Well, are you still down? Nigga, holla when you see me
And let these devils be sorry for the day they finally freed me
I got a caravan of niggas every time we ride
Hittin' motherfuckers up when we pass by
Until I die, live the life of a boss player, 'cause even when I'm high
Fuck with me and get crossed later, the futures in my eyes
'cause all I want is cash and thangs
A five-double-oh Benz, flauntin' flashy rings
Uhh, bitches pursue me like a dream
Been known to disappear before your eyes just like a dope fiend
It seems, my main thing was to be major paid
The game sharper than a motherfuckin' razor blade
Say money bring bitches, bitches bring lies
One nigga's gettin' jealous and motherfuckers die
Depend on me like the first and fifteenth
They might hold me for a second, but these punks won't get me
We got four niggas in low riders and ski masks
Screamin', "Thug Life" every time they pass, all eyes on me

[Hook: 2Pac]
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high

[Pre-Verse: Big Syke]
Heeyyy, to my nigga 'Pac

[Verse 2: Big Syke]
So much trouble in the world, nigga
Can't nobody feel your pain
The world's changin' everyday, time's movin' fast
My girl said I need a raise, how long will she last?
I'm caught between my woman and my pistol and my chips
Triple beam, got some smokers on, whistle as I dip
I'm lost in the land with no plan, livin' life flawless
Crime boss, contraband, let me toss this
Needy hookers got a lot of nerve
Let my bucket swerve, I'm takin' off from the curb
The nervousness neglect make me pack a TEC
Devoted to servin' this Moët and pay checks
Like Akai satellite, nigga, I'm forever ballin'
It ain't right: parasites, triggers, and fleas crawlin'
Sucker, duck and get busted, no emotion
My devotion is handlin' my business, nigga, keep on coastin'
Where you goin', I been there, came back as lonely, homie
Steady flowin' against the grain, niggas still don't know me
It's about the money in this rap shit, this crap shit
It ain't funny, niggas don't even know how to act, shit
What can I do? What can I say? Is there another way?
Blunts and gin all day, 24 parlay
My little homie G, can't you see I'm buster-free?
Niggas can't stand me; all eyes on me

[Hook: 2Pac]
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
The feds is watchin', niggas plottin' to get me
Will I survive? Will I die? Come on, let's picture the possibility
Givin' me charges, lawyers makin' a grip
I told the judge I was raised wrong and that's why I blaze shit
Was hyper as a kid, cold as a teenager
On my mobile, callin' big shots on the scene major
Packin' hundreds in my drawers, fuck the law
Bitches, I fuck with a passion, I'm livin' rough and raw
Catchin' cases at a fast rate, ballin' in the fast lane
Hustle 'til the mornin', never stopped until the cash came
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss player, 'cause even gettin' high
These niggas got me tossin' shit
I put the top down, now it's time to floss my shit
Keep your head up, nigga, make these motherfuckers suffer
Up in the Benz, burnin' rubber
The money is mandatory, the hoes is for the stress
This criminal lifestyle, equipped with a bulletproof vest
Make sure your eyes is on the meal ticket, get your money
Motherfucker, let's get rich and we'll kick it; all eyes on me

[Hook: 2Pac]
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me

[Outro: 2Pac]
Pay attention, my niggas! See how that shit go?
Nigga walk up in this motherfucker and it be like, "Bing!"
Cops, bitches, every-motherfuckin'-body
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
I got bustas, hoes, and police watchin' a nigga, you know?
(I live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Livin' life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
He he he, it's like what they think
I'm walkin' around with some ki's in my pocket or somethin'
They think I'm goin' back to jail, they really on that dope
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa)
I know y'all watchin', I know y'all got me in the scopes
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
I know y'all know this is Thug Life, baby!
Y'all got me under surveillance, huh?
All eyes on me, but I'm knowin'



[Hook: Syleena Johnson + Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Yeah, this the real one, baby
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Uh, Chi-Town, stand up!
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Southside, Southside
We gon' set this party off right
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Westside, Westside
We gon' set this party off right
Oh, when it all

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Man, I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she doin' in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents'll look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so securr
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, "Fuck it, I'll just stay down hurr and do hair."
‘Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs
Of new Airs, ‘cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car, so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail, and well

[Hook: Syleena Johnson + Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
C'mon, c'mon, and when it falls down
Oh, when it all

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Man, I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollie's and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothin', pass that Ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this."
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some Ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seem we livin' the American Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe

[Hook: Syleena Johnson + Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Come on, come on
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Come on, come on
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
And when it all falls down

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I say, "Fuck the police," that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes, but we don't really need 'em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
'Cause they made us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin', "Where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordan, crackhead buy crack
And the white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gon' act holier than thou
'Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
‘Cause I wanna be on 106 & Park, pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it

[Hook: Syleena Johnson + Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
C'mon, c'mon
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
C'mon c'mon, and when it falls down
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Southside, Southside
We gon' set this party off right
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Westside, Westside
We gon' set this party off right
Oh when it all, it all falls down
Chi-Town, Chi-Town
We gon' show 'em how we get down
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Now, Syleena, you just like a safe belt, you saved my life
C'mon
Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down

[Produced by Kanye West]



[Intro]
Niggas can't be serious, man
Yo, yo

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Yo I'm the reason metal detectors go off the meter
'Cause I'll run through the airport with the heater
Gets the fag at his plane, and if I miss him
Put two in his brain at the baggage claim
Give him... heavy sluggage, tryna get his luggage
Send him to the crossroads, we way too thuggish
Shit, we at odds 'til we even up
'Til you leave on a stretcher or I leave in cuffs
Niggas wanna live, they done breathed enough
And I bet you next time they'll believe in us
It don't take much brains to know we bust things
My gat must bang, through your Mustang
Ma ma se, ma ma sa, ma ma ku sa
Niggas seen Kanye, red dotted them
Hurry up, stash the guns, the cops gon' come
And we gon' say we don't know who shot at 'em
Come on

[Hook]
All I have is my real niggas (What?)
Get this cash with my real niggas (Come on)
Give my last to my real niggas
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas
All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas (Come on)
Give my last to my real niggas (Come on)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas

[Verse 2: Cristina]
Y'all niggas ready for war? I'm ready
Easy with the clip, girl, hold it steady
Man I'm 'bout to squeeze back, cock and bust hot lyrics
Cock back, pop, and touch y'all spirits
Send 'em to hell, make their residence more evil
This beat here make me wanna kill four people
Three niggas and one hoe, turn bitches to Jane Doe
Send 'em past rainbows, with the ankles
Hit 'em from all angles, bring the pain though
Blow out the candles, the show's been cancelled
Man, y'all niggas better believe somethin'
'Fore I squeeze somethin' and leave somethin'
It ain't nothin' with my real niggas

[Hook]
All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas (That's right)
Give my last to my real niggas (Come on)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas
All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas (Come on)
Give my last to my real niggas (Come on)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas

[Verse 3]
I feel like one lady, five babies and four fathers
Six months searchin' for jobs and no offers
No heat 'cept for the stove
Sleep with two layers of clothes, still wakin' up cold
I'm real, like AIDS
Like the pain you feel when your nigga get strained
That's why I got issues like I got pistols
I gotta make your mama cry but I got tissues
I confess, I'm a gangsta
But I drop my flag, still cock back and drop a fag
Leave him in a bag with a tag on his metatarsals
Awfully ill, man, awfully real
Thugged out, but I'm God's property still
And if I up the steel, I'ma probably kill
If not, you're paralyzed from the waist down
Alright dog, you're the king? I'm the ace now
Face down

[Hook]
All I have is my real niggas (You know)
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas (That's right)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas (For my real niggas)
All I have is my real niggas (That's all I have in this world)
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas (Konman Productions)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas (Brian "All Day" Miller, come on)
[Hook]
All I have is my real niggas (That's right)
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas
All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas



[Produced by Key Wane]

[Intro: Aziz Ansari]
I'm really stepping up my game
These bitches gotta start paying me for this
Can't get no more free Randy

[Chorus: Drake]
Got everything, I got everything
I cannot complain, I cannot
I don't even know how much I really made, I forgot, it's a lot
Fuck that, never mind what I got
Nigga don't watch that 'cause I—
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real

[Verse 1: 2 Chainz]
Money on my mind, you should think the same
J's on, pinky ring—dogging these hoes, I need quarantine
In the same league, but we don't ball the same
(Ah) She want all the fame, I hear that shit all the time
She said she love me, I said, "Baby girl, fall in line"
Okay, made a million off a dinner fork, watch me switch it up
Walked in, "Ill nigga alert! Ill nigga alert!"
You need that work, I got that work, got bitches in my condo
Just bought a shirt that cost a Mercedes-Benz car note
From the A to Toronto, we let the metal go off
And my dick so hard it make the metal detector go off
This that sauce, this that dressing
Givenchy, nigga God bless you
If having a bad bitch was a crime, I'd be arrested (Tru)

[Chorus: Drake]
Got everything, I got everything
I cannot complain, I cannot
I don't even know how much I really made, I forgot, it's a lot
Fuck that, never mind what I got
Nigga don't watch that 'cause I—
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real

[Verse 2: Drake]
I touched down in '86, knew I was the man by the age of 6
I even fucked the girl that used to babysit
But that was years later on some crazy shit
I heard your new shit, nigga hated it
Damon Wayans, homie don't play that shit
I get paid a lot, you get paid a bit
And my latest shit is like a greatest hits
God damn, ain't no wishing over on this side
Y'all don't fuck with us, then we don't fuck with y'all
It's no different over on this side
God damn, should I listen to everybody or myself?
'Cause myself just told myself:
"You're the motherfucking man, you don't need no help"
Cashing checks and I’m bigging up my chest
Y'all keep talking ‘bout who next, but I’m about as big as it gets
I swear y'all just wasting y'all breath
I’m the light skinned Keith Sweat, I'ma make it last forever
It’s not your turn 'cause I ain't done yet
Look, just understand that I'm on a roll like Cottonelle
I was made for all of this shit
And I’m on the road box office sales
I’m getting paid for all of this shit
Ask you to please excuse my table manners
I was making room for the table dancers
'Cause if we judging off your advances
Then I just got paid like eight advances, God damn!

[Chorus: Drake]
Got everything, I got everything
I cannot complain, I cannot
I don't even know how much I really made, I forgot, it's a lot
Fuck that, never mind what I got
Nigga don't watch that 'cause I—
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me—

[Verse 3: Big Sean]
Ho, shut the fuck up!
I got way too much on my mental
I learn from what I've been through
I'm finna do what I didn't do
And still waking up like the rent's due
Not complicated, it's simple
I got sexy ladies, a whole Benz-full
And to them hoes I'm everything—everything but gentle
But I still take my time, man, I guess I'm just old fashioned
Wearing retro shit, that's old fashion
Nigga, see what I'm saying, no closed caption
I paint pics, see the shit, good sex, need to hit
Keep a broad on the floor year 'round like season tickets
I plead the fifth, drink a fifth, load the nine
Leave you split, in the half, smoke a half, need a zip
My new girl is on Glee and shit
Probably making more money than me and shit
I swear to God I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
I got 99 problems, getting rich ain't one
Like I got trust issues
I'm sorry for the people I've pushed out
I'm the type to have a bullet-proof condom
And still gotta pull out
But that's just me and I ain't perfect
I ain't a saint but I am worth it
If it's one thing, I am worth it
Niggas still hating but it ain't working
Lil' bitch...

[Verse 4: Drake]
Oh me, oh me, oh my
I think I done fucked too many women from the 305
'Fore the end of this year
I'll do King of Diamonds 3 more times
Smoking on that kush all in our section
Like it's legalized
Girl, you can't always have your way
Sometimes it be like that
They don't really fuck with you like that
They ain't never did me like that
I just took my time, you got the shine
I let you eat like that
I been taught to never loan somebody
What you need right back
And I need that shit right back
(No more free Randy) I’m blessed than a muhfucka
Niggas been stressed than a muhfucka
Niggas getting nervous
Clutching they chests like a muhfucka
Damn that’s a motherfucker
Tell the truth, I don’t listen to you
'Cause I don’t like being lied to
And that ship won’t sail
And that wind won’t guide you
Daddy was in jail, we was talking through the window
Like a motherfucking drive-thru
That was back then, man
Now my niggas rich enough to do whatever I do



[Chorus: Ant Clemons]
Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom
I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy, that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp
Get the genie out the bottle

[Bridge: Ty Dolla $ign & Ant Clemons]
Fuck it up, fuck it up
Pussy good, go 'n back it up
Pipe her up, I'ma pipe her up
Make her mine, I done fell in love
Juicy thing, make that pussy sing
One more time, baby, do it big
Make it cry, come boohoo this shit

[Chorus: Ant Clemons]
Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom
I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy, that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp
Get the genie out the bottle

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
If I pull up with a Kerry Washington
That's gon' be an enormous scandal
I could have Naomi Campbell
And still might want me a Stormy Daniels
Sometimes you gotta bag the boss up
I call that takin' Corey Gambles
Find yourself up in the food court
You might have to enjoy a sample
All these thots on Christian Mingle
Almost what got Tristan single
If you don't ball like him or Kobe
Guarantee that bitch gonna leave you
Ayy, time is extremely valuable
And I prefer to waste it on girls that's basic
That's just some Ye shit
Right now, let's do what we want
Let's have a threesome: me, you, and a blunt
I love your titties 'cause they prove
I can focus on two things at once

[Chorus: Ant Clemons]
Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom
I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy, that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp
Get the genie out the bottle
Get the genie out the bottle

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Let me hit it raw like fuck the outcome
Ayy, none of us'd be here without cum
Ayy, if it ain't all about the income
Ayy, ayy, let me see you go ahead and spend some
Ayy, if you drivin' 'round in some Dri-Fit
Ayy, I'ma think that you the type to dry snitch
Hm, mhm, if I see you pull up with the three stripes
Ayy, ayy, I'ma fuck around and make you my bitch

[Chorus: Ant Clemons]
Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom
I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy, that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp
Get the genie out the bottle
Get the genie out the bottle



[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Lights on, I see your face
She eat me up, she got expensive taste
I see you dreaming, but you still awake
Big slices, that's how you cut the cake
It's cold as hell, I show and tell
Weezy home, our nigga out of jail!
In this "give or take" world I got what it takes
Put you out your misery: Kathy Bates
I'm Young Money, I'm Cash Money
If we could buy time I'd spend my last money
Now I'm spending time, you in the blind
This little light of mine, I'mma let it shine
Bright lights, night lights, headlights, shh
No lights but them infrared lights
Long life, don't like to ask twice
You killing me baby, this the past life

[Hook: Rihanna]
(All of the lights)
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need
Want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Ready, set, go, go, go, go, go
Go til you can't go no more
I'm ill times ill, dope plus dope
"Westside bitch," quote, unquote
Woah there boy, don't go there ho
If you cross that line I might overload
I swear these lights be talking to me
But I can't read Morse Code
Why every rapper named "Big" got bodied, huh?
But every rapper named "Sean" got money, ooh?
Well I guess my chances are 50/50
But my vision is 20/20 so I be counting a hundred 100's
Oh my Allah, Lordy lordy lordy, I took your chick
Now you want beef and I am chuckling like I'm Porky
Cause you spend all day with her spooning
I spend all night with her forking
There's a one-way ticket to Hell and
They want these bullets to book it for me
I'm shitting on every statistic that said I'd be dead or fuckin broke
This is history, your kids' kids' kids' kids' kids gonna book report me
And I think they want to murder me
I'm shining hard, because bitch I'm an emergency

[Hook: Rihanna]
(All of the lights)
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need
Want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Bridge: Big Sean]
So good, so good, Westside, so hood
I do it.. B. I.... G

[Verse 3: Drake]
Bad decisions, good intentions, man I'm riding, Weezy with me
I just stepped out of the strip club, made 5000 look like 50
I spend all my time in Houston, smoke that kush but I don't do Whitney
I don't do Britney, I don't do Lindsay
I made $2 million since last Wednesday
And I hate y'all! Y'all got too much free time
Saying I don't drop shit, everything gon be fine
Worrying about your old girl, trying to see if she's mine
Nigga she's with me when she tells you she needs some "me time"
It's our time, so fuck y'all!
I'm really about to go Spring Break now
And start taking shots in this muthafucka
And you didn't have all that ass last month girl
What, you get some shots in this muthafucka?
Yeah, we got the Roc in this muthafucka
You thought niggas going pop in this muthafucka?
Young Money, power, respect in this bitch
You would think we got the LOX in this muthafucka
I made mistakes, I made some bread
I even made a way for them to get ahead
To my surprise, nobody replacing me
Take Care and Carter IV it won't be long 'til they can see the lights
And I'm on one, I got one
You a pussy nigga, I'm not one, so call it a night, call it a night
And I run this, and y'all know that
I take the purple and pour that, all in the Sprite, all in the Sprite



[Produced by Kanye West; Co-Produced by Jeff Bhasker]

[Intro: Choir]
All of the lights, lights, all of the lights

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Post-Chorus: Elly Jackson & Rihanna]
Fast cars, shooting stars
All of the lights, all of the lights
Until it's Vegas everywhere we are (all of the lights)
If you want it, you can get it for the rest of your life
If you want it, you can get it for the rest of your life

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Something wrong, I hold my head
MJ gone, our nigga dead
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I’m heading home, I’m almost there
I’m on my way, heading up the stairs
To my surprise, a nigga replacing me
I had to take him to that ghetto university

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, every night (All of the lights)

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Restraining order, can’t see my daughter
Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
Public visitation, we met at Borders
Told her she take me back, I’ll be more supportive
I made mistakes, I bumped my head
Courts sucked me dry, I spent that bread
She need her daddy, baby please
Can’t let her grow up in that ghetto university

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, every night (All of the lights)

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Bridge: Kid Cudi]
Getting mine, baby
Got to let these niggas know, yeah
Getting right, babe
You should go and get your own
Getting mine, baby
Got to let these niggas know, yeah
Getting right, babe
You should go and get your own

[Verse 3: Fergie, (Rihanna), & Drake]
Unemployment line, credit card declined
Did I not mention I was about to lose my mind?
And also was about to do that line
K, okay, you know we going all the way this time
We going all the way this time
We going all the way this time
(We going all the way this time)
We going all the way this time

[Chorus: Choir]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Outro: Alicia Keys & (Elton John)]
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say was ohh)
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say was ohh)
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say was ohh)
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say)



[Sample]
One more beer
And I'll take you all
All of you

[Intro]
Banned from all bars
The man with seven scars

[Verse 1]
Smack it up, flip it, pulled out, 'bout to fell
Sunday in the ATL and I'm all outta ale
Like a bat out of hell, tripped on a cat tail
Mutt drinkin out a pail, who let the rat out the cell?
Got all the ingredients and recipe, might as well
Since last week, the bootlegger been in jail
If all else fail, inhale the L
Makin' sure they can't see your sale via snail mail
Mind like a sewer, servin' rhyme on a skewer
DOOM'll step to a fine dime like he knew her
"My black sister!" She said, "Step back!" before he kissed her
She did the dipper and the smack just missed her
There go a list of politics like Henry Kissinger
99% of rap's just a friendly listener
I'm like, "These dudes must have some screws loose to hate y'all"
Or a couple of ounces short of deuce-deuce or 8 Ball
Y'all know it's time for the end when the day come
Buy a album, get rudely insulted over fake drums
Same CDs you get for free, you break 'em
Wa-alaikum, make 'em eat they food like Steak-umm
Why she wanna ask me if I could pass the paprika?
One hand on the mic, the other on the beaker
Every week or so, peeked out the lab though, eureka!
A technique to keep somethin' uniquer in ya speaker
For yo' information, I didn't do the beat, y'all
It ain't my fault if she didn't move her feet at all
Skeeter, robbed Peter to pay Paul
So he could trick it on Mary so she can play ball

[Chorus]
She better have my scrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holey moley, did you get a load of her roley poley?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me
Whoever don't feel him, feel balls like a goalie

[Verse 2]
One for the money, two for the better green
3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine
Told the knock-kneed ghetto queen, "Get the head fiend"
Tell him it's for Medallin and use oxyacetylene
Who needs airplay? It's all just hearsay
Leave a wig like it was having a bad hair day
Miracle glide master, asked him what's his secret
He said Shasta and turned to formaldehyde faster
When I'm home with my lady, I try to duke her daily
One night, she tried to flail me with her ukulele
Pack your heat, the Villain on the cover of Black Beat
With a bunch of crackers and some snack meat

[Chorus]
They better have my scrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holey moley, did you get a load of her roley poley?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me



[Verse 1]
What the fuck do y’all niggas really want?
I went with realness instead
But all the real niggas I know either crazy or dead
Yeah, I dropped the free EP for these other kids to feel a lot
Niggas keep asking on whether this dude’s for real or not
I’m not trying to come hard, I’m trying to come me
That’s why these older songs that I used to make I’d release free
What’s the point of rap if you can’t be yourself, huh?
That’s why I come first like my cell phone
I’m a role model, I am not these other guys
I rap about my dick and talk about what girls is fly
I know it’s dumb, that’s the fucking reason I’m doing it
So why does everyone have a problem with talking stupid shit?
Or is it real shit?
‘Cause sometimes that stupid shit is real shit
Like when you make out with your best friend’s baby sis
You know the one with short hair you used to babysit?
(See, that’s not even right)
You with a different girl like each and every fucking night
And kiss her while she’s sleeping and sneak out the front to catch a flight
That’s not life, dude
It's just making up for fucks I missed in high school
I keep it wrapped until I meet the right one
’Cause I ain’t Mumford, I ain’t tryin’ to have sons
All I wanted was some more like Ashton
I ain’t the coolest but I know I got passion
I got passion!

[Hook]
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find

[Segue]
“Baby, I’m okay” She said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”
I said, “Baby, I’m on the edge.” She said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”
I said, “Baby, I’m on the edge.” She said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”
I said, “Baby, I’m on edge.” Said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”

[Verse 2]
Am I serious? I don’t even know
Are you hearing this? This shit is laughable
I ain’t trying, I’m doing, these other rappers are foolish
I got fame, my A&R’s a computer
Is there room in the game for a lame who rhymes?
Who wears short shorts and makes jokes sometimes?
My nigga like, “I’d get you MTV if I could, man
But Pitchfork only likes rappers who crazy or hood, man”
So, I guess we gon' see
I ain’t Curren$y, but if there ain’t money in my name please murder me
Sometimes I feel like I ain't supposed to be here
Sometimes I wake up, I don't want to be here
My mom loved to text me Psalm verses
She don’t look at me like I’m the same person
I used to be the sweet one, but things change
And I don’t want her missing a son like Bon’s last name
And all my uncles alcoholics, shame on me
I drink whiskey till I’m grounded, no TV
I wanna go inside the club with no gold piece
And walk in with no I.D. and No I.D
No matter how far the hood seems
We all still got hood dreams
I always wanted to get picked on the cool team
But alone is exactly how I should be

[Hook]
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find
We need to find
We need to find



[Verse 1]
(check, yeah)
We was walking away
Repeated all we can say
Depart with a hug
And it's a public display
Like a dozen a day
Walking, we plugging away
At it, I'm running away
Cause O'Doyle’s is closed
And it never was closed
So I'm never exposed
When I'm hella morose
Cause I'm telling 'em no-
-body, my skeleton shows
With it's elephant nose
And it's pelican bones
Watch how I carry it home

[Bridge]
Cause the story it goes
There’s a spork in the road
And we got to the bar
But then O'Doyle’s was closed
And it never was closed
Even whenever it snowed
Every night it was there
Either there or a show
Every answer is there
Every question is no
Never questioned before
So we guessing it's home

[Pre-Chorus]
Everybody’s secrets inspire all of my scenes
I write in all of my fantasies and I die in all of my dreams
My superpowers I maintain
I take control of my scene
Y'all should see what I can't say
I can't say all I done seen

[Hook]
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home

[Verse 2]
Yeah
We live in a space that should have never existed
We’re used to the taste of a human in space
We ruined the room only a few could replace it
And Doyle’s is closed
I'm avoiding my nose
It smells like if you imagined you boiled a rose
And the oven is on and the coil’s exposed
And we pulling the door
Like we did it before
And now we’re trying to deal with heat that we shouldn't absorb

[Bridge]
And the story it goes
There’s a spork in the road
And we got to the bar but then O'Doyle’s was closed
And it never was closed
Even whenever it snowed
Every night it was there
Either there or a show
Every answer is there
Every question is no
Never questioned before
So we guessing its home

[Pre-Chorus]
Everybody’s secrets inspire all of my scenes
I write in all of my fantasies and I die in all of my dreams
My superpowers I maintain
I take control of my scene
Y'all should see what I can't say
I can't say all I done seen

[Hook]
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home

I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home
I done told
Some goofy shit that sounded like a poem
I spun around in circles on the globe
So who the hell could ever feel at home



[Produced by Boi-1da, Frank Dukes, Noah "40" Shebib, & Nineteen85]

[Part I: 0 to 100]

[Verse 1]
Fuck bein' on some chill shit
We go 0 to 100, nigga, real quick
They be on that rap-to-pay-the-bill shit
And I don't feel that shit, not even a little bit
Oh Lord, know yourself, know your worth, nigga
My actions been louder than my words, nigga
How you so high, but still so down to Earth, nigga?
If niggas wanna do it, we can do it on they turf, nigga
Oh Lord, I'm the rookie and the vet
Shoutout to the bitches out here holdin' down the set
All up in my phone, lookin' at pictures from the other night
She gon' be upset if she keep scrollin' to the left, dawg
She gon' see some shit that she don't wanna see
She ain't ready for it
If I ain't the greatest then I'm headed for it
That mean I'm way up (way up)
Yeah, the 6 ain't friendly but that's where I lay up
This shit a mothafuckin' lay up
I been Steph Curry with the shot
Been cookin' with the sauce, Chef Curry with the pot, boy
360 with the wrist, boy
Who the fuck them niggas is, boy?
OVO, man, we really with the shits, boy
Yeah, really with the shits
I should prolly sign to Hit-Boy 'cause I got all the hits, boy
Fuck all that "Drake, you gotta chill" shit
I be on my Lil Mouse drill shit
Fuck all that rap-to-pay-your-bill shit
I'm on some Raptors-pay-my-bills shit
All up on TV, I thought it'd make me richer
Wasn't payin' me enough, I needed somethin' quicker
So now I'm all in Niko's basement puttin' work in on the phones
Either that or drive to Money Mart to make the pickups
Man, it's 2008, I'm tryna paint the picture
Comeback Season in the works and now I'm thinkin' bigger
I got 40 in the studio, every night, late night
Gotta watch that shit, don't want to make him sicker
That's my nigga
Oh Lord, got a whole lot to show for it
I mean we can really get it, we can go for it
I'm just here for the bucks and the billis, nigga
Don't make me kill one of the GOATs for it
I run this shit, they like, "Go Forrest
Run Forrest, run Forrest, go Forrest"
Yeah, I mean you already wrote for us
Damn, nigga, what's one more quote for us?
Oh Lord, who else soundin' like this?
They ain't make me what I am, they just found me like this
I was ready... fuck that, I've been ready
Since my dad used to tell me
He was comin' to the house to get me
He ain't show up
Valuable lesson, man, I had to grow up
That's why I never ask for help
I'll do it for you niggas and do it for myself

[Outro]
I go 0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga

[Part II: The Catch Up]

[Bridge]
Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit, yeah

[Verse 2]
The other night
Lavish Lee told me that I'm all these people listen to
She said they love me unconditional
Imagine how it feel to watch another nigga at the top
You know that if you wasn't you, you would be dissin' you, dawg
Damn, okay, from that perspective
I see what you're talkin' 'bout, no way to soften that
'Cause me, I was tryna find out where I lost 'em at
But maybe I ain't lose 'em at all
Maybe I keep movin' forward and they're just stagnant
They ain't movin' at all
But when they need a favor, who do they call?
Maybe I'm searchin' for the problems
Askin' what was said and who was involved
Too focused on people's feedback and provin' 'em wrong
They say the shoe can always fit, no matter whose foot it's on
These days feel like I'm squeezin' in 'em
Whoever wore 'em before just wasn't thinkin' big enough
I'm 'bout to leave 'em with 'em
'Cause if I run in the game in these, man, the seams are splittin'
No pun intended but they're smellin' defeat in the air
Headed where nobody took it, who meetin' me there?
They tell him that he's talkin' crazy but he doesn't care
Bein' humble don't work as well as bein' aware
Listen up, boy, you're better off eavesdroppin'
We already got spring 2015 poppin'
PND droppin', Reps-up P droppin'
Majid Jordan droppin', OB droppin', not to mention me droppin'
Feel like we paid the refs off, man, we fixed the game
Me and Noel been at it before Twitter names
Yeah, been on the move like the lease is up
And I can't even name one person that's keepin' up
Damn, fuck how it was in the past tense
Ask yourself, how do we match up now?
'Cause I'm only 27 and I'm only gettin' better
If I haven't passed you yet, watch me catch up now, for real

[Outro: James Blake]
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
Could it be the way that I'll catch up



[Intro: Big Rube]
Conceive true deception multiplied a million fold
Visualize the yin and yang in a battle so intense
That we get em confused
The resident evil specialize in misconstruing
We wanna be at a presidential level—what are we doing?
Fooling ourselves, clowning ourselves, playing ourselves
By not being ourselves
We can't babble no more than we can bob our head offbeat
Nimrod by the time we forty cause we can't get off meat
While we ask no reason for the misplacement of the season
Look at the picture that's painted
Tainted as the mind who's blinded to the point
Where Sodomites get all the rights
We fall for fights with fisticuffs
Get pissed enough to miss the bus
It disgusts me to see my folks run up on
I say stand upon this section of time marked Revelations
And recognize this mind-numbing reality of horror
Known as mankind
Jesus and his twelve disciples make thirteen
A righteous number of righteous men
Even Judas the Betrayer came true in the end
The Devil say the end is the beginning
They teach that we were the product of incest
Invest no level of self into their system of Paganomics
Stand with us and don't look back upon it
Just face this mindstate
Otherwise Babylon

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Like memories of yesterday

"Ninety-six gonna be that year"...

[Verse 1: André 3000]
I bet you never heard of a playa with no game
Told the truth to get what I want, but shot it with no shame
Take this music dead serious while others entertain
I see they're making their paper so I guess I can't complain
Or can I? I feel they're disrespecting the whole thang
Them hooks like selling dope to black folks
And I choke when the food they serving ain't tasting right
My stomach can't digest it even when I bless it
I'm confessing one more lesson from the South, we in the house tonight
Now hootie who wants to oppose? Suppose
We rolls through Headland and Delowe
Where me and my niggas would pass the flow
And got down for ours like hind catchers
My mind catches flashbacks to the black past
While mind close niggas laugh at
The Southern slang, finger waves and Mojo chicken wangs
I grew up on booty shake we did not know no better thang
So go 'head and, diss it, while real hop-hippers listen
Started by Afrika Bambaata, so you and your partner
Gather your thoughts

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turn my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Uhh, born Antwan Patton but my partners they call me Big Boi
It's the nigga the B-I-G, be speaking the truth not talking that shit boy
I'm thinking of checking my traps and busting my raps
And throwing them craps
7 Eleven is no convenience, you pumping your gas but watching your back
For the robbing crew; thinking they're robbing you, you must be cautious
To staying up on your game and pimping these crows, you must be flawless
Like Mortal Kombat, but fucking these wombats got you dizzy
My nigga you know if I wanna be playin
But runnin up on me like you miss me
You catching the wrong vibe, packing your shit and rolling your eyes back
Flexin up on the corner tossin your dice and rollin your Cadillac
But man it seems I'm reaching out and touching the wrong nigga
Don't expect it to be pimping get your index off the trigger
As we bust, us, we leavin em in the dust
So keep that caine up out of your nose
I said my piece and then I hush
As the calendar keeps flippin', niggas dippin'

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turn my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday

[Verse 3: André 3000]
Our dearly beloved, we are gathered like soap is to lather we come clean
Some issues need to be addressed like envelopes I mean
Oh, like Liberty Bells, yes them bullets keep on ringing
On fire like the Georgia Mass Choir, we keep on sanging
Bringing our folks closer together cause they severed us from the get green
Light and we ain't gon' stop until we hit the big screen
Psych, because no one is free when others are oppressed
So, we hit the stage and then we fly back to our nest
Growing old

[Verse 4: Big Boi]
Like some eagles, people don't understand
Just like their parents don't be caring
I'm speaking bout you playing with that phony stuff you sharing
In your raps Mercedes Benz and all your riches
Thinking you got it but get it, get it but you ain't pimping no bitches
'Cause you flauging; falling like leaves into driveways
Isn't it lovely smoking good and sloppy head on highways
Fridays are tight but Saturday just makes it old
Winter nights are hot warm enough to feed your soul
Growing old

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turn my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday

[Outro: André 3000]
See all them leaves must fall down, growing old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow-brown
Autumn caught em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old
See all them leaves must fall down, growing old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow-brown
Autumn caught em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old
See all them leaves must fall down, growing old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow-brown
Autumn caught em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old



Yo it's the Lake Shore Drive
Keep it live, tight, raw
You better hurry up, they can't keep it in the store
To be the format, your whole style on one beat
Insert the disk, watch a nigga press delete
Tryna flex your technique
You gettin' blasted with a TEC, that shit is mad ironic
Like Alanis Morisette, you try but can't jet
Bunch of airline lyrics, rhymes for low fare
Flyin' out of O'Hare
While these no-name ass niggas wanna go there, nobodies
Livin' three blocks from nowhere, down the street from nothin'
Let me show these niggas somethin', visual aid, the page
And the nigga who fronted, word to God, they don't want it
But they wanna play the role, actin' hardcore
Watch the whole career, flow, my style is too cold
Always, forever like Luther, but it ain't original
Because I stole it from the future, now I'm wanted in three centuries
The verbal killin', ask me where I got the style
Told 'em from my grandchildren, put it on files
Document it in the books
You niggas can't see me so cease the hard looks
I'll rather it get took
Live and die for rhymes, dedicated to hip-hop
Shit don't stop
Niggas they wanna know what and who's next
And you roll up in a Lex
That's the train stop, my brain drop mad lyrics
I rhyme with the spirit off the top, I drop nonstop
Verbally killin', my style is ready to willin'
Y'all niggas stay back chillin'
Like EPMD y'all niggas ain't seein' me, what
We're enormous, nah, do or die
I got the rhymes on the brain
They tried to bomb me on the plane so I rode the train
Before I got here, spawned here
I'm 'bout to save this shit, yo it's my year, what!?
Bring it on, pass it to my man Tariq
Rock the mic all week



[Chorus: bearface]
(Freak ah, ah) Oh, your love
Won't you come this close to me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Be with me now that you're free (Free, free)
Oh yeah (Yeah)
Won't you come this close to me, baby?
Baby, yeah (Yeah)

[Verse 1: bearface]
Taking time, faking mine
Let your hair lay on this side
Bless your mind, baby it's over and done (yeah, yeah yeah)
'Cause I know the way to make-
You know I hate to lie
But you are, you are, you are baby
But you gotta be free

[Chorus: bearface]
(Freak ah, ah) Oh, your love
Won't you come this close to me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Be with me now that you're free (Free, free)
Oh yeah (Yeah)
Won't you come this close to me, baby?
Baby, yeah (Yeah)

[Verse 2: bearface]
[?] with the windows fogged
Her brown skin with our fingers locked
Feel the air like it's sunny out
But I don't want you to go girl cause I'm tired of the waiting
Tired of waiting (ay, ay, yeah)
Tired of waiting, but you gotta be free

[Chorus: bearface]
(Freak ah, ah) Oh, your love
Won't you come this close to me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Be with me now that you're free (Free, free)
Oh yeah (Yeah)
Won't you come this close to me, baby?
Baby, yeah (Yeah)



[Verse 1: Jazze Pha]
...no cress (no cress!)
Like a pistol out the top dresser (pew!)
My shit bang, I get cash, all hunnid dollar bills, no [?]
Cool like the other side of the pillow (aye!)
Caddy got white walls on it (skrr, skrrt!)
Big daddy got ice all on me (blingin')
Super clean like Lysol, homie (ooh)
You say it’s some [?], I say it's a [?], but you would give me your body before your name
And I don't know why
And I can’t explain
I, spin around like Micheal Jackson (uh-huh!)
[?] 'cause I'm 'bout that action (uh, nah!)
Just wanna give some satisfaction!

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract  & Jazze Pha]
My hands up, I let go, my mouth is getting cold
I know they come and go, la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
My wrist is stuck on froze, places that I can't go
Niggas that I don't know, la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
All my dogs in a pack formation
Niggas say my name when they agitated
Nigga learn better, you can ask yo' lady
Pretty bad thang, wanna have my baby
Nigga I'm rich, I’m just actin’ broke
I don't understand what you hate me for...



[Verse 1]
I told her to drive over after dude crib
Bring a couple new friends
Them last girls was too thick
How you expect me to hit?
You wanna watch Clueless
I wanna watch Foolish
Excuse me, miss, I don't appreciate your rudeness
But if you strip, I will appreciate your nudeness
I heard the best head come from girls that is toothless
Yeah my game ruthless, yeah my car roofless
Spit that "Through The Wire" over Chaka Khan, ruthless
She said she had a friend look like Janet Jackson
That bitch came over lookin' more like Freddie Jackson
Nah, nah, nah, baby, won't be no time for no action
I'm just gon' play this "Slow Jamz," holla at your man

[Verse 2]
Old school like Melle Mel
Or we could go to the D where Drelle Drel
Or DC, PG, or ATL
Back in Chi, I mean my life like a magazine
Honey wanna know the details about my ebony
Well that's XXL
Father penthouse, yeah that's upscale
Mademoiselle got a hell of a black tail
I'm feelin' the vibe, her body and soul
I heard you stay in a metropolitan home
Well let's kill all the pollyin', I offer you a Cosmopolitan
Let's jet out the club, get some oxygen
Your friends say I'm a player, you'd be lucky to keep me
You know people gon' be talkin' 'bout us weekly
My car be in a robbery
P-O-R-T but what's more important to me is that
Don't be comin' 'round my girl tryna act like Mr. Friendly
And steal the spotlight like Mr. Bentley
I spotted her like Spud McKenzie
And for them fake boobies, I paid them Benjis
Get your own
I got Paris, he got Nicky, he tried to get him a clone
He said, "Ye, you know you got extra hoes
And everything you do is extra cold"
From the Polo fleece to the Jesus piece
I got family in high places like Jesus niece
Can I please say my peace?
If y'all fresh to death then I'm deceased
And this one here is a heat rock, spit like a beatbox
The way the beat rocks, new version of Pete Rock
But for that Benz I get CL love
So I switched my girls around like 3L dub
My favorite girl wanna leave me just because I got a girlfriend
My freak girl told me now she's a Christian
My white girl wanna move back to Michigan
I'm pullin' girls off the bench like a 6th man
I'm in the club pullin' the same old two step
While Omegas doin' the same old Q step
I had my money on my mind, I was thinkin' green
She a pledge, AKA, she was pink and green
I want a good girl, she want a gentleman
We sayin' the same thing like a synonym
I wasn't really spittin' game, I was scrimmagin'
My penmanship is so hard it needs censorship
I'm a Chicago win 'til Chicago wins
'Til we blow like Chicago wind
I don't know what's better, gettin' laid or gettin' paid
I just know when I'm gettin' one the other's gettin' away
I have to say, we goin' to mass today
We have to pray, these niggas is wack and aye I have to say
Since Pac passed away
Most these niggas don't even deserve a track from me
First of all, let's get rid of them Louis Vuitton boots
And get your tall ass out that C-Class coupe
You see the whiskey, had them girls feelin' frisky
You was with me, she said, "Who's your sensei?"
And even if they wanna get busy
And freaky like Missy and roll some weed up
You'll roll 3 blunts and fuck up 3 blunts
Mothafucka you would fuck up a free lunch
Dawg, keep it right thurr like Chingy
Your girl don't like me? How long has she been gay?
Spanish girls ask me, "No habla ingles"
And everybody wanna run to me for their sin-glay
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dawg if I was you I wouldn't feel myself
Dawg if I was you I'd kill myself
That Ethiopian chick drinkin' straight up liquor
I told her I'm Nigerian, that's straight up nigga
She claimed she ain't hear me on "The Bounce" with Jigga
She claimed she ain't see me on the basement with Tigga
Them both my niggas, I suppose
I might have been doin' a lil' frontin' for the hoes
When I flip flows, I rip shows
And your girlfriends, can I hit those?
I don't know if it's me, or do them Uggs
Got girl's feets lookin' like sheepskin rugs
Some rhyme with her name, some rhyme nameless
Don't try to treat me like I ain't famous
My apologies, are you into astrology?
Cause umm... I'm tryna make it to your anus
See that's a little John Juan game
All across your chest like Sean John's name
Niggas tryna figure out since Kan' came
Who the rookie of the year: me or LeBron James?
They said, "Woah don't get caught up in the hype"
Ain't no tellin' they gon' love you after tonight
Well if tonight's the night, pop bottles, fuck models
Spend moeny 'til you're broke, my nigga, live your life
Cause I'm livin' international, nigga, the American dream
All my dawgs is livin' vicariously through me
If I get head from Drene, that's one for the team
Cause 702, that's one for the crew
My dawg Hip-Hop really love Claudette
So if I ever get to smash, this fuck's for you
I can barely drive the G5 down King Drive
Cause like a Brinks truck, they know there's money inside

[Intermission]
I'ma take a little intermission
I'ma let y'all just talk about how good I rap for a minute and I'ma come back

[Verse 3]
So I dropped out of school cause I'm tryna eff the tutor
Her ex man drove a Mercury Cougar
I hit her with this maneuver, he just couldn't recuper'
I'm tryna stab one like Jack The Ripper
I'm tryna stab two like Jack The Tripper
My nigga Tone been locked for a minute
He come home, he from the skreets, he gon' want him some skrippers
And I'm a big tipper, I don't even be trippin'
This my first real Rolex, it don't even be tickin'
This my first pair of earrings I can wear in the shower
Without 'em cloudin' up in a half an hour
So that basically mean my paper gettin' jean
4 Gs in the Rocawear jeans
This top red hot like Anthony Kiedis
You see this? These are the sweetest Adidas
We fire, y'all retire
All ugly people, please be quiet
Hov ain't get a beat from me in a minute
He heard "Just to Get By" and I was re-hired
I got a track right now that could save Mya
Laughs I do though...



Jimmy Kimmel: My guest tonight is a 21-time Grammy award winning performer, who last month threatened his very existence by threatening one of America's most beloved television personalities.  We had a big dumb fight on Twitter, but he was nice enough to agree to come and talk about it tonight.  Please welcome Kanye West!

[Kanye enters]

JK:  How are you?

Kanye West:  I'm okay.

JK:  I'm very happy that you came.  I'm glad you did, and I wanted to clear this up.  I really felt bad about all this stuff.  I did.

KW:  Mm-hmm. [Laughter]

JK:  I guess the first question I should ask is, who are you wearing?

KW: It's Ralph.

JK: Kramden? Lauren?

JK: Is that a new grill you have there?

KW: Nah they've been in my mouth for three years.

JK: That one on the bottom? OK well it's good to see you.

KW: Good seeing you too.

JK: I guess we should talk about what happened, because I do think that somewhere in you, you want people to understand where you’re coming from is that true?

KW: Yeah, correct.

JK: So we did a sketch on the show where we had - you did an interview  with the BBC Radio and it was an intense interview - and I’ll be honest with you, I only saw a couple of little parts of the [Zane Lowe] interview when we did this sketch.

KW: Yeah, that’s what I thought.

JK: In fairness, there was context to it and we took it out of context. And we had a couple of little kids reenact it. Which I didn’t think would be something that bothered you. Do you mind if we show a little clip of it?

Little Kanye: I've reached a point in my life where my Truman Show boat has hit the painting. I'm not trying to regurgitate myself. I'm a product person: not just clothing, but water bottle design, architecture, anything you could think about! Brought the leather jogging pants 6 years ago to Fendi, and they said no! How many motherfuckers have you done seen with leather jogging pants?!

JK: I'm gonna tell you something, the truth is the main reason I did that is because I like to see kids curse. I think it’s funny. (*Kanye laughs*) And I think that some people read into it differently that we were positioning you as a child, but that’s not true. In fact, we’ve done this to other people, with Lady Gaga, with quite a few people that we've had kids say what they said and reenact them. Of course this is not something you knew. And this is not something that people who just watched it online or whatever knew. And you called me. A lot of people think this is some kind of publicity stunt that you and I cooked up. But this isn't, right?

KW: I mean everyone out there in TV world, real world, whatever world you stay in, needs to know that I’ve never done a publicity stunt in my life. Any time I went up and spoke my mind, whether it put my career in jeopardy or whatever someone so called said, it was always what I thought was the truth. Whether I'm like reading from through a teleprompter or whatever I felt emotionally. I don't follow like rules of normal celebrity or what their publicist tells them to say. So I don’t do publicity stunts, period. So don’t ever think that.

JK: Me neither guys. (Laughter) So we talked on the phone, and I didn’t really know why you were calling. I heard you were upset. But I didn't know the context, and we had a bad conversation, right?

KW: Yeah, I knew you before. And I saw you at a wedding and I remember you telling me, I want people to know this side of you and different things like this and I saw this good guy at the wedding. So when I saw the skit - which I didn't watch all the way through because I didn't want to be infuriated - I was like I know you. So it was a combination of me knowing you, but also me NOT knowing the person who put a bad headline on the cover of In Touch. And me not knowing this person. So I was like this is the one person I know. So I can go and let out everything that I feel about every single bogus weekly cover, every skit, every single rumor in barber shops, everything that people feel is ok to treat celebrities like zoo animals or act like what they're saying is not serious, or their life is not serious or their dreams are not serious. And you know, it kinda just went and elevated from a call that we just had as men… that elevates sometimes, you take a guy, Jimmy does his thing. And I do my thing and at a certain point these egos can flare up and we kind of just took it back to high school for a minute.

JK: And I got beat up a lot in high school, So I didn't wanna go back to high school.

JK: And this is something that to be honest with everyone, this is something that when you're with another celebrity we complain about. This zoo animal, it's a perfect thing, because people online they just want you to click through so they'll put whatever they can put as a headline to get you to click through and it can be damaging and I think people look at you and they go, "this is a guy who’s got millions of dollars, he's got a beautiful wife and a new baby, we can’t possibly hurt this guy." And to be honest, even though I’m in that same position too - I don't have a baby - it’s not something that comes to my mind when I’m cooking up a comedy sketch. And some of these things are hurtful, and the truth is important. And it's... but on the other hand, I will say a lot of times you I think you bring it on yourself, this kind of misunderstanding about you.

I personally found it odd to be in the position that I was in because I often… I don’t know if you know this, a lot of people think you’re a jerk. And I often, in my own personal conversations, say, no, I know this guy, he is not a jerk. In fact I think we have a picture which I happened to see on my Dad's iPad at the wedding and it's you and my Dad [*shows a photo of Kanye with Kimmel's dad] - who you may have though was Wolf Blitzer in fairness - but I mean to go to a wedding of a friend of mine and you took a Southwest Airlines flight to that wedding just to make it for this guy who was just a coworker and then to be so nice to everyone there, that tells me a lot about you. Everyone's nice to me when they meet me because they know I have a talk show and almost everyone's on their best behavior. But what I observe is how celebrities behave around other people - how they treat our staff and how they treat in this case my family, and I’ve always said that to people about you. And I think that's important for... I know part of you doesn’t care, I see you onstage saying, "I don’t want to hold your baby, I’ll drop your baby on it’s head…" you know I don’t believe any of that stuff when you say it.

KW: I’m not running for office, I’m just here to make good music, make people feel good when they hear my music. And you know when I did that [Zane Lowe] interview, I was really vocal about a lot of things that I've been dealing with over the past 10 years, when I was put in the classification of “just a celebrity.” Because you know for me, I’m a creative genius and there’s no other way to word it. I know you’re not supposed to say that about yourself, and I say things the wrong way a lot of times but my intention is always positive and I wanna bring more things to the world, I want to help the world. I want to make peoples’ lives easier. I spent 2 of my checks in telemarketing when I was 18 years old on a pair of Gucci slippers, and this is before there was H&M and Zara, you couldn’t just find cool stuff when you were growing up. And for me, I care about cool stuff. It means something to me, it means stuff to a lot of people that are like me, and that’s what I was talking about on the Zane interview.

So when I come on here, I can laugh and I can joke, and I can see a skit and we can say, ok we love Kanye or we think his baby is cute or whatever, but for me, it’s bigger than who I am and my presence, living. It’s about when I was on Earth what did I do to help? And at what point did I hit a glass ceiling where people said you’re a celebrity so you can’t help in this box, you can’t help in this box. But I talked to Quincy Jones at John Legend’s wedding, and you do music, you can do anything. Once you learn how to produce, you’re a producer, you understand textures and colors. I have an art background even before I was a musician. People told me I couldn’t rap. People had all this advice for me about how I shouldn't try to rap. And I wouldn’t even say I’m a rapper, I’m more of a messenger than a rapper.

So even when you say rap beef it sort of undermines it, and keeps re-contexting what I said. Whereas if you look at the Zane interview, it’s really something extremely fearless for someone in my position to do. Because most people just like bow down to TV or bow down to these cameras. Like I could care less about any of these cameras, all I care about is my family, I care about protecting my girl, protecting my baby, and protecting my ideas and my dreams. And ya know that's the reason why I went so crazy.

JK: I wanna go back to one thing you said which is when you say you’re a genius that upsets people, but the truth is a lot people think they’re geniuses, and nobody says it because it’s weird to say it, but it is most certainly more honest to say "I am a genius"…

KW: I’m totally weird, and I’m totally honest, and I’m totally inappropriate sometimes. And the thing is for me to say I wasn’t a genius, I would just be lying to you and to myself.

JK: That's true, it’s false humility.

KW: Oh my god. It comes with your first ticket to LA, soon as you get off the plane, here’s your false humility. Maybe if keep up with this act long enough and go with this agency they'll give you a star on the Walk of Fame one day for kissing everybody's ass. But it's like that's not what we're doing. By the way, I want to shoutout the Walk of Fame,  because they said something like they’re not gonna put my girl on the Walk of Fame because she’s a reality star. It's like people are so so dated and not modern. There’s no way a Kim Kardashian shouldn’t have a star on the Walk of Fame. Its ridiculous old concepts. And you know for me, I’m just gonna give y’all the truth. It’s like my grandfather loved Ali until he died, and my grandmother hated Ali ’til she passed. So you’re gonna love me or you’re gonna hate me, but I’m gonna be me.

[Applause]

JK: Alright, Kanye West is here, more with Kanye when we come back.

Announcer: The best tweets of Kanye West.

Josh Groban: Can we please toast to the motherfuckin' douchebags tonight? Do you know where to find marble conference tables? Looking to have a conference... not until I get the table though.

At most his tweets are 140 characters, but the depth of his passion is immeasurable.

Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on. Man... what ever happened to my antique fish tank?

Announcer: You'll get all of your favorites

Josh Groban: Classical music is tight yo. I make awesome decisions in bike stores. French fries are the devil. Black is the new black.

Announcer: And many many more. Josh Groban's the best tweets of Kanye West includes 752 original songs on 48 CDs.

Josh Groban: I love me!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Announcer: In stores now.



[Kimmel]
So now, that was funny, right?

[Kanye]
I imagine the skit was probably funny too.

[Kimmel]
It wasn’t that funny, to be honest with you. It was a five, I’d give it. So I do want to ask you one more thing about the tweets because I just want to be clear--bring up that...yeah, that--do you really think I look like SpongeBob?

[Kanye]
It’s the first thing that came to my mind.

[Kimmel]
Where were you when you were writing those tweets. I like to imagine, on the toilet.

[Kanye]
Yeah, that’s when I think of the best shit.

I was just at my place here, my old home here in LA. As we were writing it, there was a frustration I was getting out, but also they were really funny to me as I was writing it, and I just thought it was so amazing that I was saying this in real time, in real life. You know, with my position, people are so scared to say anything, you know, as soon as you’re a celebrity, you’re not to say anything anymore. But just to completely wild out…

The only reason I could do that is because we could speak on a similar level, and we can go back and forth.

[Kimmel]
It was a crazy thing, to see that happen, as far as just the technology, and all of a sudden, everyone in the country knew you and I were having a really dumb fight.

[Kanye]
I just thought that that was amazing, to crack media, in a way. You know, I feel that media does everything they can to break creatives, to break artists, to break people’s spirits, and I do everything I can to break media.

[Kimmel]
From my standpoint, sometimes I’ll think of things and maybe it’s two o’clock in the morning on Saturday night, and my wife will go, “Don’t tweet that. Do not tweet that.” Because people take things out of context, but you just do it, you don’t care.

[Kanye]
You shoulda saw the second set of tweets…

[Kimmel]
Save them for next time.

I do just want to say congratulations on your new baby. In fact, I brought you a little gift. I made fun of this, but there really is such a thing as leather jogging pants, and there’s some tiny little leather jogging pants

[Kanye]
Fashion isn’t always practical. It’s more about emotion, it’s more about swag. It’s more about, you know, pussy. It’s more about, like, club. It’s more about style and stuff.

I remember me and my boy Virgil, that created the line Pyrex Vision. We sat as interns at Fendi like six years ago. We had cue cards and everything, and the leather jogging pants is one of the things we presented that didn’t go through, and the reason I brought that up in the Zane interview is because there are people who made whole careers off of creating leather jogging pants. It became  a phenomenon over the past three years. And it was to say, you know, I would sit with Hedi Slimane, who’s now the head designer of Saint Laurent, and he’d say, “Stop giving these  big brands your ideas and everything.” And it would just be like, what I was trying to express in the Zane interview was, like, me--I know I’m hip hop, and a rapper and everything--but I’ve got ideas that mean something if I could put the proper production around them. So when do a Nike Yeezy or a Louis Vuitton shoe, the production around it was at the same level as the production on my CD, or when me and Rick Rubin or Mike Dean of whoever are working together. But if I go out and make my own t-shirt or something, and I call it “Kanye,” everybody’s gonna think about when I just called myself a creative genius, and say “What’s so genius about this?” But when people line up for the Yeezy, they’re like, “Oh, wow, this is like really genius.” You need that production.

But currently in fashion and the way the fashion world works, there’s no black guy at the end of the runway in paris, in all honesty. And that’s what I was talking about when the Truman Show hit the boat.

[Kimmel]
What about a Steve Harvey collection?

[Kanye]
Yeah, no. There’s no Steve Harvey collection. No extra buttons on jackets or anything like that.

But for Michael Jackson, Michael Jackson had to fight to get his videos on MTV because he was considered to be “urban.” This is Michael Jackson.

[Kimmel]
That’s true. He was considered a Black artist and was not right for MTV at that time.

[Kanye]
Yeah, a black artist. So, for me, think about this: When I’m in Paris and I’m sitting in Fashion Week for nine years, and South Park makes fun of our outfits and all this, or people don’t understand why we’re there, I’m getting called names. Like stuff you can’t even say on TV. And I still can’t break that wall down. At a certain point, it’s like, Michael Jackson trying to get his videos on because, who do you know who’s known more for clothes than me? To not be able to do and produce to the highest level, and to have a meeting with everyone. I’m talking about Andrew Rosen of Theory, this guy over here, this guy who runs this company, Leanne [?].  These are the real people who produce the clothes that are on your back. Zara, out there with Ortega, Francois Pinault, everyone. And everyone just sort of looks at you  like you’re crazy and like you don’t crash the Internet. And you’re just like, “How can you get a shot?” And then you try to do it on your own, and like, real designers will work for a rapper, and you just cannot overcome it.

I mean, my grandfather drove the first cars in the marches just to get clean water, and one of the parallels  I wanted to do for you is, like, Richard Pryor used to always talk about, he just wanted a clean plate. He just wanted to serve his stuff on a clean plate.  So if I do an interview in W Magazine, right, and they take all these classist shots at me because--it’s not about racism anymore; it’s classism, that’s what I talked about.

Paula Deen, she was old-school with it. They’re like, “We don’t do it like that anymore, Paula Deen. We’re classist now.” So this classism is what they do to try to say, “You’re a rapper,” or “Your girl’s on a reality show. You’re not up here with us. You know, we’re old money, we--

[Kimmel]
It’s snobbery--

[Kanye]
It’s snobbery. And I’m not into all that snobbery. Because, you know what? We have the loudest voice, we have the loudest communication, and all we want to do is make awesome stuff. All we want is a real shot.  Not: OK, I’m a celebrity, so that means my line has to cost ten dollars a t-shirt. No, I understand about quality. I understand about fabrics. I spent ten thousand hours at this. I’ve dedicated my life to this. And a lot of people say, “OK, you have to do music.” I’m gonna keep doing music, but what if people told me I couldn’t rap, what woulda happened? What if people told me I couldn’t perform. I’m only 36 years old; I have other goals and other things.  And I’m gonna use my platform,  every platform, to stand up and say, “I want to make something, I want to make the next Ralph Lauren.” That was the point of the Zane interview, to say, people don’t stand up to protect their dreams. People are too scared of getting, you know, spoofed in a way. [Turns to Kimmel]

And the irony of it is, think about a creative person in school. When you picture them, you’re probably picturing them all the way in the back of the class sketching or maybe getting beat up, and I’m the one creative, and this is the reason why I did this, because creatives have gotten beat up my entire life, and there’s moments when I stood up to drug dealers in Chicago and said, “You can’t have my publishing. Come and kill me. Do whatever you’re gonna do, but you’re not going to bully me, you’re not gonna stop me, because my mother made me believe in myself.” No matter how many people tell me, “Stop believing in yourself! Stop seeing what you can do! Stop affirming what you’re gonna do and then completing that in real life.” That’s the improper way to do it. I refuse to follow those rules that society has set up and the way they control people  with low self-esteem. With improper information, with branding, with marketing… I refuse to follow those rules.

It’s about truth, it’s about information, it’s about awesomeness, and the only luxury is time. The time you spend with your family, that’s the only luxury. So this concept of “luxury” is improper to me. You know, with Nike, with Apple, you remember there was phones that cost 4,000 dollars?! Somebody pull out a Vertu phone right now, you look ridiculous, but there’s people who still spend five-thousand dollars on this bag, ten-thousand dollars on this to say, “Oh, we’re better than you.” I mean, taste, culture, art, you know, just the quality of your life. This is what I’m here to do, so  when I compare myself to Steve Jobs or Walt Disney, Howard Hughes, David Stern, Michelangelo, Da Vinci, Jesus of whatever it is, I’m saying, “These are my heroes. These are people I look up to. This is the type of impact I want to make on the earth.” If I can make this type of impact up to this point, what can I do, if you call Bob Iger and say, “Yo, give him a shot.” If you call Oprah and say, “Yo, back this kid. This kid, his parents were educators. He wants to educate. He wants to look at curriculums and say, ‘How do we simplify that?’”

Exactly what I did in music, I want to apply to product, I want to apply to education. This is what my company Donda is about. I could rap all I want, but without that Roc-a-Fella chain, and Damon giving me that Roc-a-Fella chain. I don’t care how beats I sold to whoever, I couldn’t have made it to the point to make “Jesus Walks.” And now, even as a celebrity,  I’ve reached a ceiling. And the way paparazzi talk to me and my family is disrespectful, also. We bring something of joy to the world. When people hear my music they have a good time. And I should be respected as such when I walk down the street. Don’t ask me a question about something you say in a tabloid. Don’t try to antagonize me. Cause, you know what, it’s not safe for you in this zoo. Never think that I’m not from Chicago for one second. And think you can walk right up and disrespect me and my family constantly.

And people say, “Well, you signed up to be a celebrity, blah blah blah…” It’s like, you know what, and I understand paparazzi, you gotta get your money, it’s hard out here, but let’s have respect for each other. You do help me get money, paparazzi,  you show people how fresh my outfit is, that helps me influence people.

[Kimmel]
But when they show up at your house in the middle of the night, and your wife and your daughter are there, there’s no human decency there.

[Kanye]
It’s a lack of decency.

[Kimmel]
Kanye West, everybody.



Zane Lowe: Grab a seat, grab a seat. So, you remember this place? Graduation? I was also thinking about some of the other things we've done as well with the BBC, like Abbey Road sprung to mind with the strings.

Kanye West: Oh yeah. That was good. That suit was like, I would've worn something different if I could look back right now. I could still do a suit, I just wouldn't have done that exact lapel situation.

ZL: But talk about really putting yourself on the line with that. That was so early on for you to be stepping in a room with that many players and to give yourself that objective. What are your thoughts when you think back about Abbey Road, where...it's just nuts.

KW: I thought it was good. I thought it was what I was supposed to do at that time. If I see something, if I see an opportunity, I'm gonna go for it. We're all gonna die one day.

ZL: Yeah, that's true.

KW: So live like that. Live like you could die tomorrow. Go for it. Those steps have been the platforms that allowed me to make it this far.

ZL: And you have, man, and you're here. Six original albums of your own, a Throne record, various records with G.O.O.D. Music to talk about. But seriously, man, Yeezus. Bravo, dude. I mean, that is one of the most creative records of any genre I've heard in a very, very long time, and just in terms of your output, your most exciting-sounding record, I think.

KW: Oh, thank you very much. Yeah, I feel I was able to start making exactly what was in my mind again, not having to speak with the textures of the time. Cause, you know, Cruel Summer is definitely Kanye West, and there's something weird and kind of off about "Mercy," like when it has the high-pitched (impersonates noise), that type of sound. It sounds like art still a little bit, even though it obviously was a radio smash.

But when I get into the idea, the trap drums and things like that, certain songs that are blatant radio hits, it's like I'm speaking with today's textures. If you look at it 200 years from now, it's not going to stand out in the way that 808s or Yeezus stands out, and can completely push or redefine or make people say, hey, I completely hate that, or I completely love that, but let me just think differently. Because everybody is bound to these -- no pun intended -- they're bound to sixteen bars or eight bars, and the normal radio thing.

I was talking to Frank Ocean about this, and said, my mom got arrested for the sit-ins, and now we're more like the sit-outs. Like, sit off of radio, and say, hey radio, come to us. We need to find something new, because it's being controlled in a way, and manufactured in a way, that really awesome artists can make amazing music and not break as far past as, like, something that's very formulaic.

ZL: So it almost feels like a duty to you in a weird way? Having the peoples' ear, having peoples' attention for great music, to be able to say, well, if I'm not challenging them enough, I'm not challenging myself, not challenging radio, what am I doing?

KW: Yeah. I'm not trying to regurgitate myself. I showed people that I understand how to make perfect. Dark Fantasy could be considered to be perfect. I know how to make perfect. But that's not what I'm here to do. I'm here to crack the pavement and make new grounds, sonically and society, culturally.

ZL: You've done that with Yeezus. It's fascinating for us to sit here and talk about this record now, because normally when I talk to artists about records of this nature, it's in the lead-up to something. So we're all kind of playing a guessing game, you know what I mean? You could tell me what you think of the record, but I'm trying to find my way around it, the audience probably won't have heard it. In this case, it's been out for a minute, so we can reflect on it with the benefit of hindsight, too. You've seen what everyone else has had to say about this record, both good and bad. But I'm fascinated to know, today, how you would describe Yeezus, as someone who made it. How you would describe that record.

KW: I just think that I'm a production person, I'm a product guy, I'm a producer. So if I'm working on a John Legend album, I'm gonna try to give John Legend the best home for him to stay in. And I'm gonna try to push Pusha T -- no pun intended once again, this keeps happening to me -- to make the thing that represents what I like about his music the most. And then for me as Kanye West, I gotta fuck shit up.

ZL: And you did, dude, seriously. From the minute it starts. I mean, seriously. (Plays opening to "On Sight"). It's disgusting.

So you're up in the loft probably at this point, and you're kicking around ideas, and you're putting things together, and this sound comes into your head, and you're like, this is what I'm looking for?

KW: Nah. This is me going to the studio with Thomas and Guy-Manuel, who's Daft Punk. They had a synthesizer the size of that wall right there. This is just one session right here. This beat was originally like 14 minutes long, and that part in the beginning was something we completely just distorted, and I ended up making that the intro.

ZL: You know, I got a beef with you over this track. It's too short! I wanted more out of it. Cause it's one of the best beats on the record for me, and it feels like you're just getting warmed up. Was that kind of deliberate, to pull back after only a couple of verses and go, you know what, we're going to get on with the album now?

KW: Nah, it's just what I felt, like it should be.

ZL: Just a dance thing.

KW: And you know, originally "Blood on the Leaves" was supposed to be first.

ZL: Wow.

KW: Which, psychologically, I know would have changed certain Yeezus naysayers about the album. It wasn't that time for me. I didn't want to come up there and perform. A lot of times, music can be presented as a service position. But I wanted to take a more aggressive approach with music.

You know, people go on a vacation and say, you got the drugs, you got the music, you got the wine? It's in that territory. But I wanted to speak up and say, okay, so my voice is only compressed to express myself artistically through music. It's the only place where I actually have a deal, so I can only consistently make things in music. So I'm gonna take music and I'm gonna try to make it three-dimensional, like on Star Wars and the hologram'll pop up out of R2D2. I'm gonna try to make something that jumps up and affects you, in a good or bad way. Whether it's, I'm going into a scream in the middle of the track because that's just the way I feel. But I'm not here to make easy listening, easy programmable music.

ZL: No. You're so off the reservation on this album in the best possible way. Like you talked about, the way you use your voice in different ways, you don't rely on conventional rhyming flows. Your opening line, "Yeezus season approaching," you know? "A monster's awoken." You're laying it out there, this isn't My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy part 2. I'm wilding out on this record, straight away.

(Plays interlude from "On Sight"). And then from nowhere as well, we just get treated to these wonderful moments where, like you say, it's almost like a collage. Like you're sitting here going, you know, why can't I go into this? Why not?

KW: You can.

ZL: And you did.

KW: That's how life is. It's like a car crash. You could just be driving, and just out of nowhere it happens.

ZL: At what point did that very deliberate feel to the record, whereby breaks come in and join this really discordant electronic moments and everything seems to exist in this very contradictory but it works kind of way, at what point did that start to take shape? Because it is very omnipresent through the record as a whole, the way it flips between one and the other. Was that in your head early on, or did that come towards the end when you started to reduce the record?

KW: Well, I didn't reduce it. Rick Rubin reduced it. He's not a producer, he's a reducer. (Laughs).

ZL: But was it always part of the process for you, to say, why don't I take elements of this and this and just (claps hands together) bolt it together?

KW: Yeah. It's just the way I was consuming information in my life at the time. Negative information to positive information, from the Internet, just going to the Louvre, going to furniture exhibits and understanding that, trying to open up and do interviews like this, learning more about architecture. Taking one thousand meetings, attempting to get backing to do clothing and different things like that. Getting no headway whatsoever. It was just that level of frustration. This is what frustration fucking sounds like.

This is what frustration sounds like. For me, as Kanye West, I would not be Kanye West if it wasn't for Michael Jackson. I was with Quincy Jones a couple days ago at John Legend's wedding. Quincy was telling me, it wasn't just Mike, but these guys broke down the barriers. Of course you know Michael Jackson, he had to fight to get his video played because he was black. This is Michael Jackson. Michael Jackson's not even black, he's Michael Jackson -- you know what I mean? He's so crazy, how can he even be classified as this black artist?

So for me, in my life and creativity it's been challenging and everything. But I was able to ascend to massive heights because of the foundation that my mother and my father and my grandfather laid through civil rights, what Michael Jackson did with music videos and the ground he broke. There would be no Kanye West if it wasn't for Michael Jackson - that allowed him to be that, right?

Now let's take people who have issues with me as Kanye West. They classify my motivational speeches as rants - like "Why is he saying that? Why is he doing that?" Well I've reached a point in my life where my Truman Show boat has hit the painting. And I've got to a point that Michael Jackson did not break down. I have reached the glass ceiling - as a creative person, as a celebrity.

When I say that it means I want to do product. I am a product person. Not just clothing but water bottle design, architecture, everything that you could think about. And I've been at it for 10 years, and I look around and I say, "Hey wait a second - there's no one around here in this space that looks like me." And if they are, they're quiet as fuck!

So that means - wait a second - now we're seriously in a Civil Rights movement. Like people used to joke about - remember our South Park photo - remember how funny that was? Do you think there would be a Givenchy in the hood if it wasn't for that South Park photo. But no one thinks about that - no one thinks about the names I got called for wearing tight jeans.

ZL: You reference that in the record, you talk about that. "No one's liked him since he's been wearing tight jeans." Everybody knows you brought back real rap. I mean you reference that in the record.

KW: I'm saying y'all had all that, but I brought real rap back. I'm going to do dope things. And I wanna take this opportunity to speak to something, because I go to Hypebeast sometimes to look at the new things that're coming out. And every time my name goes up, there's a series of people who write just negative comments - they wanna joke around and say, "Why is he still trying? Why is he doing this?" They like diss me as a person for trying. Now mind you, I've brought 10 years of product that has added to humanity.

And now, what they don't realize when I say "Hey this is Pusha T, this is what it is" I have to remind Pusha T that he's Pusha T. Because the radio, if they're not playing a song of his that has an R&B hook on it or works at a certain level of trap tempo and plays in clubs, it's like we forget about that Clipse album that meant everything.

And the reason why I relate it to design and what we do in design is saying that's the music that us as creatives that wanted to get into design - we looked at Clipse as the gods, and this is our soundtrack to creativity. And it's not a trap beat that comes in on that soundtrack to creativity. No knock to trap, cause I did "Can't Tell Me Nothing" - I like it. But it's been commercialized to the point where - and I'm not mentioning no names - but people used to use the term "R&B nigga" but then it was "rappers." But then rappers didn't wanna be no R&B nigga. Now the rappers is the new R&B niggas! The rapper's the new radio! Like where's the culture at? Where is the culture at?

So then I scream - and I'm sitting in the middle of it - whether I'm at a dinner with Anna Wintour, or I'm at a listening session with Pusha, or me and Virgil are in Rome giving designs to Fendi over and over and gettin' our designs knocked down. Brought the leather jogging pants 6 years ago to Fendi, and they said no. How many motherfuckers you done seen with a leather jogging pant? Meaning when I see Hedi Slimane and it's all like, "OK this is my take on the world" - yeah he got some nice $5,000 jeans in there, some nice ones here and there, some good shit here and there.

But we culture. Rap the new rock n' roll! We culture! Rap is the new rock n' roll! We the rock stars!

ZL: It's been like that now for a minute.

KW: It's been like that for a minute, Hedi Slimane! It's been like that for a minute. We the real rock stars, and I'm the biggest of all of 'em. I'm the number one rock star on the planet.

CLICK HERE FOR PART 2



Well seeing that, I think I, maybe for one of the first times in my life, I understand how it is to feel humbled. I want to say some "thank you"s really quick. Thank God for Stephen Hill, who is so sincerely good at exactly what he does and gives so much and doesn't care about what Ghost somebody's driving or how big somebody's house is and brings the most awesome collection of classic, current, and futuristic black music every day. So, make some noise for Stephen Hill to start this

So, since this is pre-taped and the fact that Adam Blackstone used to be my music director, I'm pretty sure he's not gonna start the music on me. If I go Chicago for a second, you know it was interesting when I went and visited Minister Louis Farrakhan, and I just really wanted to expand so much more on the things that I had been talking about over the past couple years. And it was interesting or groundbreaking and really special for me to see his reaction and his expression about my relationship with a woman not of color, and for us to focus on the idea of love and not the idea of separation. You know, at the barbershop and everything, I used to hear people talking about, "You know when an entertainer get on, of course you know he gon' go and get a white girl and buy her all this... and the white girl gon' go and get a rich black dude." But I want to say that my wife has dated broke black dudes. So it ain't got nothing to do with the money

And it takes me back to a story that she told me where her father, Robert Kardashian, walked out, and on the side of his Bentley, they wrote "Nigga lover" because Robert Kardashian was the genius that put together the defense team that got O.J. off. She had never seen her father curse, get mad, he was the most laid back human being. And he went so crazy and tried to chase the people down, and she sat there crying and said, "Dad why you going so crazy?" He said to her, "One day you may have a black child. A beautiful, beautiful, beautiful black child. And it's gonna be hard, you're gonna see how hard it is."

So, true enough, we deal with racism because there are different races, or the micro of it is that we focus on the different races, as opposed to the macro, which is the human race. The bit of soundbytes that everyone loved from last year that got taken out of context or misunderstood did come from a place of saying part of the reason why I'm not allowed to be empowered is because of race, because of people's perception of celebrity, because all they want to present to young black men is the idea of making it to the league or making it to be a rapper, but not the idea of becoming an owner. And they would do anything they can to make it seem like a truthful idea is a stupid idea or a crazy idea

Harriet Tubman said she could have freed so many more, and I'm sorry mom if that was incorrect English. Harriet Tubman could have freed more if they only knew they weren't free. So don't think that because we can afford this custom Balmain suit that we're free. And don't think that because we can buy a $300,000 car that we're free. And don't think that because it's 3% of a gated community that has colored people in it that we're free. It's the mentality, the slave mentality, where we all eventually become slaves to that car. Slaves to the perception. Slaves to the idea of being cool

I thought it was so appropriate the way Wayne Brady kicked his whole shit off tonight. For us to express ourselves. Our power, our oil, since we don't own any oil. Our oil is our expression, is our influence. Don't never let them take that away. And when we have the chance to express it and influence, don't only do it for us, do it for the human race



I am Kanye West, and that feels really great, especially to say this year. I came here to present my new video, but before that, I'ma talk. Now... Later tonight, "Famous" might lose to Beyoncé, but I can't be mad—I'm always wishing for Beyoncé to win, so, you know! But for people to understand just how blessed we are. It was an expression of our now. Our fame right now. Us on the inside of the TV. You know, just to put... the audacity to put Anna Wintour right next to Donald Trump... I mean, like, I put Ray J in there, bruh! This is fame, bro! Like... I see you, Amber! My wife is a G, not a lot of people's wives would let 'em say that! We came over in the same boat, now we all in the same bed. Well... maybe different boats, but you know. If you think about it, last week, it was 22 people murdered in Chicago. You know, like, people come to me like, "Man, that's right! Tell Taylor to..." Bro, like, I love all y'all! That's why I called her! So, I was speaking at the Art Institute last year and one kid came up to me and said, "Three of my friends died and I don't know if I'm gonna be the next." And it has to... you know, you have to think like, you know when you're a senior and it's like the last month and you just don't feel like doing anymore work? If you feel like you're seeing people dying right next to you, you might feel like what's the point? You know, like, life could be, like, start to feel worthless in a way. I know times for me, I sit down and talk to older, rich people, you know -- aka white -- and uh, they tell me, "Don't compare yourself to Steve Jobs, don't compare yourself to Walt Disney." And my friend Sekaya told me -- ayy, bruh, bruh!

They tell me, "Don't compare yourself to these people," right? My friend Sekaya told me it's three keys to keeping people impoverished: taking away their esteem, taking away their resources, and taking away their role models. My role models are Artists Merchants. It's less than 10 I can name in history. Truman, Ford, Hughes, Disney, Jobs, West

(Audience cheer) Bro! Broooo!

Tonight, we're here to have fun. I'm standing in front of my idol, Puff Daddy. I'm standing in front of my wife, Kim Kardashian West. I'm standing in front of the future, Chance The Rapper, 2 Chainz, Jaden Smith. Bro! We are undeniably the influence, the thought leaders. I'm gonna play y'all a piece of my art and I hope y'all have a good time



[Kanye West]

Y'all might as well get the music ready because this finna' take a while
Umm, When I had my accident I found out at that moment nothing in life is promised except death,
If you had the opportunity to play this game of life
you need to arpeeeciate every moment
a lot of people don't appreciate their moment until it's passed

[Crowd applauds]

[Kanye West]
And then, you got to tell those Al Bundy stories "You remember when I ?"
But, Right now is my time and my moment thanks to the fans, thanks to the accident, thanks to god, thanks to Roc-A-Fella, Jay-Z, Dame Dash, G, my mother, Rhymefest everyone that's helped me
And I plan to celebrate, I plan to celebrate and scream and pop champagne every chance I get becasue i'm at the grammys baby!

[Crowd aplauds]

I know everybody's asking the question, they wanted know "I know he's going to wild out, I know he's going to do something crazy"
Everbody wanted to know what I would do if I didn't win.

[Moment of silence]

[Kanye West]
I guess we'll never know.

[Crowd cheers]



[Intro: Nas]
Crack fucked up the world
And I wonder if they realized the damage
I mean, they come from an era
Who made a lot of money off that shit
And I wonder if it fucked with they conscience
It fucked with me being out there, I couldn't stand it
I couldn't stand seeing people fucking theyselves up like that on the shit
And that's where the money came from

[Chorus: Tyler The Creator & Frank Ocean]
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Shit's getting warmer, on that corner
Gotta watch out for them 5-0 foreigners
Your mother's a goner
I warned you before you supersized my fries with that dollar
You got a daughter, shit's getting harder
The only thing you wanna bunk her was your freedom
You can't afford to get caught up but you in too deep
And the seashore ain't saw ya
You got a mother, she don't support you
But you bought her a new house cause you love her
Growing up you barely had a roof
Now you got a coupe and it doesn't have a roof
I guess you’re accustomed what you’re used to
So you bought two, nigga
They coming for you, nigga
Niggas be hating I'm doing them bitches
Like Susan and Karen be doing your pockets
And running the man and he's losing his fucking mind
And it’s all an illusion
Who was alludin', all of this potent?
I am the reason your family is using and shooting up
It's my fault
You can, blame me, motherfucker
For killing your aunties and uncles
The hustle and hunger
All I wanted was a cheeseburger
And a little chain, tucked
Didn’t realize this game fucked, up some lives
Oh, how's mine?
My conscience eats it up all the time
But, other than that I’m fine
I got a little money in my pocket

[Chorus: Tyler The Creator & Frank Ocean]
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Nigga, we broke as fuck
Homie got a chop shop, I stole that truck
And I sold that dope, motherfuckers hope this nigga go broke
But like my work I give no fucks, I'm sorry (yeah)
She could have been a doctor, nigga, I’m sorry (yeah, nigga)
Could have been an actor and won that Oscar, said I'm sorry
I sold that soap and I killed black folk, I'm sorry (yeah, nigga)
But I got a nice car, put my sister through school
While my momma all cool, I'm sorry (yeah, nigga)
I'm in too deep and I can’t see the shore, I'm sorry

[Outro: Nas & Tyler, The Creator]
You get addicted to the flip, we used to call it
You get addicted to the flip (I'm sorry)
The, the, the, the transaction, the hustling (I'm sorry)
Even more than the money, it's just your job (I'm sorry)
You feel like it's your duty to be the man in between the man
And make this happen for that person (I'm sorry)
And to do this and do that
You become the go to guy forever
Next thing you know you’re in too deep
Way too deep, it'll scare the shit out of you
You wind up with so much work, that you'd be scared to death
It's important for us to realize man, we gotta get out of that, man
You know, dudes is buying choppers
Shoot down the people that look just like them
Dudes is buying guns to take down each other
Nobody wins, ya know what I mean?



[Hook]
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Excuse my charisma, vodka with a spritzer
Swagger down pat; call my shit Patricia
Young Money militia and I am the commissioner
You no wan' start Weezy ‘cause the 'F' is for finisher
So misunderstood, but what's a world without enigma?
Two bitches at the same time; synchronized swimmers
Got the girl twisted ‘cause she open when you twist her
Never met the bitch, but I fuck her like I missed her
Life is the bitch, and death is her sister
Sleep is the cousin—what a fuckin' family picture!
You know Father Time, and we all know Mother Nature
It's all in the family, but I am of no relation
No matter who's buyin', I'm a celebration
Black and white diamonds; fuck segregation!
Fuck that shit, my money up, you niggas just Honey Nut
Young Money runnin' shit, and you niggas just runner-ups
I don't feel I done enough, so I'ma keep on doin' this shit
Lil Tunechi or Young Tuna Fish

[Hook]
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch

I'm goin' back in…

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Okay, I lost my mind, it's somewhere out there stranded
I think you stand under me if you don't understand me
Had my heart broken by this woman named Tammy
But hoes gon' be hoes, so I couldn't blame Tammy
Just talked to Moms, told her she the sweetest
I beat the beat up; call it self-defense
Swear, man, I be seein' through these niggas like sequins
Niggas think they He-Men, pow, pow, the end
Talkin' to myself because I am my own consultant
Married to the money, fuck the world; that's adultery
You full of shit, you close your mouth and let yo' ass talk
Young Money eatin', all you haters do is add salt
Stop playin', bitch, I got this game on deadbolt
Mind so sharp I fuck around and cut my head off
Real nigga all day and tomorrow
But these motherfuckers talkin' crazy like they jaw broke
Glass half empty, half full, I'll spill ya
Try me and run into a wall; outfielder
You know I'ma ball 'til they turn off the field lights
The fruits of my labor, I enjoy 'em while they still ripe
Bitch, stop playin', I do it like a king do
If these niggas animals, then I'ma have a mink soon
Tell 'em bitches I say put my name on the wall
I speak the truth, but I guess that's a foreign language to y'all
And I call it like I see it, and my glasses on
But most of y'all don't get the picture 'less the flash is on
Satisfied with nothin', you don't know the half of it
Young Money, Cash Money
Paper chasin', tell that paper, "Look, I'm right behind ya"
Bitch, real Gs move in silence like lasagna
People say I'm borderline crazy, sorta kinda
Woman of my dreams, I don't sleep so I can't find her
You niggas are gelatin, peanuts to an elephant
I got through that sentence like a subject and a predicate
Yeah, with a swag you would kill for
Money too strong; pockets on bodybuilder
Jumped in a wishin' well, now wish me well
Tell 'em kiss my ass, call it kiss and tell

[Verse 3: Cory Gunz]
Word to my mama, I'm out of my lima bean
Don't wanna see what that drama mean
Get some Dramamine
Llama scream, hotter than summer sun on a Ghana queen
Now all I want is hits, bitch, Wayne signed a fiend
I played the side for you niggas that's tryna front, and see
Son of Gun, Son of Sam, you nigga's the son of me
Pause for this dumber speech, I glow like Buddha
Disturb me, and you'll be all over the flo' like Luda
Bitch, I flow like scuba, bitch, I'm bold like Cuba
And I keep a killer ho, she gon' blow right through ya
I be mackin', 'bout my stackin', now I pack like a mover
Shout to ratchet for backin' out on behalf of my shooter
Niggas think they high as I, I come laugh at your ruler
Cash Money cold, bitch, but our actions is cooler
Wayne, these niggas out they mind
I done told these fuck niggas so many times
That I keep them bucks steady on my mind
Tuck these, I fuck these on your mind, pause
To feed them, on my grind, did I get a little love
Keep throwin' my sign in the middle
Hit 'em up, piece on my side
‘Cause ain't no peace on my side, bitch
I'm a man, I visit urinals with pride
Tune told me to, I'm shootin' when the funeral outside
I'm uptown, thoroughbred, a BX nigga, ya heard? Gunna



[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Here we are
Just us
I know you want from the first time you seen me in the movie
Hanging on the shoulder of a villain
She could flatten a village
You know I'm usually chilling out with Bruce Willis
Somehow, you and my man met first
I was still stealing the money outta my gram-gram's purse
But you were
Running the streets, letting the blam-blam work
Back then we smoked nickels of dirt
Nowadays it ain't shit to drop a grip on dessert
And you wanna tell the feds about some shit and it hurts
Fuck it, so be it, you 'bout to know Jesus
Turn this motherfucker back into a fetus
Phone's tapped so speak Swedish when you call the crib
Rich forever motherfucker I was born to live
Die happy, knowing that my family's straight
I hope they didn't see the numbers on that Camry plate
I been a grown man since I had a baby dick
These motherfuckers ain't saying shit
Close my eyes, spray the whip, hit your rib twice
Now your kids gotta deal with this shit cause this is life

[Outro: Big Body Bes]
Yeah, and I'm fucking here now
It's fucking Body
What the fuck I'm doing?
Whole bunch a shit
I'm out there wilding
Got a fucking 50-year-old Puerto Rican with me
He don't even know my name
But he gon' stab something for me
He know what time it is
No watch on the wrist
Fuck outta here man
Smack the shit outta you then slap your son five
Your own family loves me more than you
Salute me every time
Every time I come to your fucking crib, it better be a plate wrapped up on the stove motherfucker
Cause you know I'm coming to eat
Fuck that I don't even want firsts, I want my seconds first
That's right, I eat right out the motherfucking pot
Fuck a spoon, I been eating hand to hand my whole life
I motivate myself motherfucker
Anytime I need to think about some shit man
I just go back and close my motherfucking eyes man
And go back to the sorrow
Fuck outta here man
My whole life is a fucking discography b
You stupid? Quadruple platinum
Oops, what's that? Another one



[Intro]
Smoking fucking thanksgiving turkey bags man
Surgical procedures
Ben Johnson
You already know

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Sign my name with the feather, tap dance under the full moon
Smoke and drinking liquor for the fam that left us too soon
Just keep it truckin', searching all the nooks and crannies
No english muffin, streets are filled with crooks and trannies
Bam bam got a shooter like Lagassee
Emerald green paper that I split up with my posse
One hand driving, 3 gram smoking
2 fiend sucking, tea bag soaking
Strength of a retard the drugs are even stronger
Shorty loved the longitude, dealer bring a quarter through
Over fishing make the snapper less affordable
I hate when stupid bitches ask me questions that's rhetorical
Like "do you want to have sex?", well bitch, it's obvious
Her name was Jeta from the former Yugoslavia
She grew a bush like a baby plant
Still I ate it, just think of it as bucatin' and razor clams
Smuggle cheeses in a baby bag
And then I serve at a private tasting
I got no time for wasting
Just dick is placed in the slit no type of conversation
And prime rib from LaFrieda carved at the blablablabla
Fuck, fucked my last word up cause I don't give a shit man
I meant to say prime rib carved at the fucking carving station but yo

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
Yo my mind is locked up, my conscious rocked up
In an alley with a fiend getting his cock sucked
Plus she wearing a wedding dress a special day
She said she finally met a… Fuck
Yo, my mind is locked up, my conscious rocked up
In an alley with a fiend getting his cock sucked
And she wearing a wedding dress, a special day
She said she finally met a man to take her breath away
Well naturally I'm jealous, because I'm lonely
At times my only friends in life are drugs and the cannoli
My dad was right I shoulda listened when he told me
A walking contradiction wounds inflicted on me solely
Pain within running deeper than the ocean floor
Ocean-Bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh yo
Pain within running deeper than the ocean floor
Ocean avenue, the family straight from Kosovo
That was years ago mum look how your son has bloomed
I hum a tune and then I'm hotter than the sun in June
And I'm just living my life but feel I'm drifting
Demons on the doorstep, lungs that feel constricted
Or maybe I should see a shrink and get prescripted
Or take the hand of God but shit I think i'll keep my distance
I think I'm frightened and I didn't even know it
But yo, that was a thought and I'm subconsciously a poet
It's perfect timing and I hope that I don't blow it
I pop the bottle of the moet, yo here's to me

[Bridge: Big Body Bes]

[Verse 3: Action Bronson]
Late nights I'm trying to stay up out of the orange skips
Great white sharks, the .38 with tarnished tip
27 years I never met an honest bitch
Slice their faces like Kitana and shit
Through my nasal blow the smoke
Basil on the boat
Hookers on the half shell, hundred dollar pants
Wind breaker jacket flapping like a falcon from a westward wind
Play the kitchen like a mexican, next of kin
Patrick Swayze… We out!

[Outro]



Part I: 911

[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me)
(Call me) How you doin'?
(Call me) My name is Lonely, nice to meet you
Here's my number
You can reach me, woo!

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
(Call me)
911, call me some time
(You should call me)
911, call me some time
911 (You should call me, oh)
911 (Call me)

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
My thirst levels are infinity and beyond
Sippin' on that lemonade, I need a Beyoncé
Can't see straight, these shades are Céline Dion
Sucks you can't gas me up, shout out to Elon
Musk, yeah, I got a sold out show
Crowd wild out but don't matter 'cause you not front row
I've been lookin' for a keeper, listen to the speaker
If you fit description, hit me on my beeper
At that 911

[Bridge: Steve Lacy, Anna of the North & Tyler, The Creator]
Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line, you know I'll answer (click)
Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & Anna of the North]
Call me
911, call me some time
You should call me
911, call me some time
911, (you should call me, oh)
911, (you should call me)

[Verse 2: Frank Ocean]
Chirp, chirp
Chirp, chirp
Woke up in the 'burbs, 'burbs, with the birds, birds
Where you used to come and get me with the swerve, swerve
These days you gotta find time
Even the night line
Work line
Dial nine

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
Five car garage
Full tank of the gas
But that don't mean nothing, nothing
Nothin', nothin', without you shotgun in the passenger
I'm the loneliest man alive
But I keep on dancing to throw 'em off
I'm gon' run out of moves 'cause I can't groove to the blues
If you know any DJs, tell 'em to call me at 911...

Part II: Mr. Lonely

[Intro: A$AP Rocky, ScHoolboy Q & Tyler, The Creator]
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old lonely ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Forreal, you need to go somewhere, like, get some bitches or something
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old weird ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been
Lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely

[Verse: Tyler, The Creator]
They say the loudest in the room is weak
That's what they assume, but I disagree
I say the loudest in the room
Is prolly the loneliest one in the room (that's me)
Attention seeker, public speaker
Oh my God, that boy there is so fuckin' lonely
Writin' songs about these people
Who do not exist, he's such a fuckin' phony
One thing I know, is that I wanna
Win so bad, but I'm not Chicago
Heart is low, it's real low, it's so low
You can't lift me up, I'm like Gallardo
From the start it's been real dark
It's been so dark, I guess that you could call me charbroiled, huh
I'm playin' like Hasbro
I'm really Saari, call me Arto
Crashed the McLaren, bought me a Tesla
I know you sick of me talkin' 'bout cars (skrrt)
But what the fuck else do you want from me?
That is the only thing keepin' me company
Purchase some things until I'm annoyed
These items is fillin' the void
Been fillin' it for so long
I don't even know if it's shit I enjoy (ohh)
Current battle as an adult
My partner is a shadow
I need love, do you got some I could borrow?
Fuck it, I could find some tomorrow
But that never comes
Like a vasectomy, what have I done?
I got the talent, the face and the funds
Found myself long ago but I haven't found someone (who)
Mirror, mirror on the wall (who)
The loneliest of them all (me)
Cupid actin' stupid
Do you got another number I could call?
Never had a pet
I've never had a pet
There's more fish in the sea
But I never had a goldfish to begin with
I never had a dog
So I've never been good with bitches
'Cause I never threw a ball, fetch
I never had a pet, that's where it stems from, I bet
Treat me like direct deposit
Check in on me sometime
Ask me how I'm really doin'
So I never have to press that 911

[Outro: Jasper]
Ohh! Damn! Damn!



[Intro]
"It has come to our attention that a mysterious force is loose somewhere in outer space."
"The mysteries of creation are there."
"Up in the sky?" "Up in the sky."
"The moon and the planets are there
And new hopes for knowledge and peace are there
And therefore as we set sail, we ask God's blessing
On the most hazardous and dangerous and greatest adventure on which man has ever embarked."
"Prepared for lift off."

[Verse 1: Guru]
I Self Lord and Master shall bring disaster to evil factors
Demonic chapters shall be captured by Kings
Through the storms of days after
Unto the Earth from the Sun through triple darkness to blast ya
With a force that can't be compared
To any firepower, for it's mindpower shared
The brainwave causes vessels to circulate
Like constellations reflect at night off the lake
Word to the Father and Mother Earth
Seeking everlasting life through this Hell for what it's worth
Look listen and observe
And watch another Cee Cipher pulling my peeps to the curb
Heed the words, it's like ghetto style proverbs
The righteous pay a sacrifice to get what they deserve
Cannot afford to be confined to a cell
Brainwaves swell, turning a desert to a well
Experience the best teacher
Thoughts will spray like street sweepers, little Daddy street preacher
Illustrious feature, narrator you select
Accompanied by Deck plus the DJ you respect
The seven and a half combined, over the front line
The ten percenters promoting slander in the airtime
Bear in mind jewels be the tools of the trade
Sharp veins, heavenly praise and dues are paid

[Hook: Guru]
Above the crowds, above the clouds
Where the sounds are original
Infinite skills create miracles
Warrior spiritual, above the clouds
Raining down, holding it down

[Verse 2: Inspectah Deck]
I leave scientists mentally scarred, triple extra large
Wild like rock stars who smash guitars
Poison bars from the gods bust holes in your mirage
And catch a charge, shake 'em down like the riot squad
Invade your zone, ruin like ancient Rome
I span the universe and return to Earth to claim my throne
The maker, owner, plus soul controller
Ayatollah rest in the sky, the cloud's my sofa
Stand like Collossus regardless to whom or what
Numerous attempts at my life, so who to trust?
Who but us to supply ya with the fire
The burning truth, 150 Absolut proof
On the mic like Moses spoke in golden scribe
Survivor of the oldest tribe whose soldiers died
I notified families, we shed tears and mourn
But our hands are on the ammo 'cause the battle still on
Sound the horn, we come rumblin' through the function
Precise laser beam technique to touch somethin'
When we die hard, they'll build a monument to honor us with
Humongous effect in the world, we could have conquered it

[Hook: Guru]
Above the crowds, above the clouds
Where the sounds are original
Infinite skills create miracles
Warrior spiritual, above the clouds
Raining down, holding it down
Above the crowds, above the clouds
Where the sounds are original
Infinite skills create miracles
Warrior spiritual, above the clouds
Raining down, holding it down



[Verse 1]
Listen
Bad ass bitch, big ass titties man
Got a fucking AK size of a fucking mini-van
Listen (That's a big ass gun)
Y'all niggas got problems, then y'all do it
I got so much fucking money in my pockets I fucking walk stupid
Hold up (Hold up watch out, stupid yo)
Bad bitch look good in some nice pants
But my bitch look good in some nice pants
Niggas see me they be like shit god damn AK-47 tucked in that nigga nice pants, hold up
(Hold up, hold up)
Ya'll got a little nigga started on some G shit
"Who that nigga that looked swagged out?"
THAT'S ME BITCH
Don't play with a niggas money or his fucking family (Pow)
I got little niggas one named Johnathan and one named Tammy
Y'all niggas got a fucking problem say it to my fucking face
Got little niggas that will sock you in the fucking face
And if you think they won't sock you in the fucking face
"You a bit-" (Sock in the face noise)
Pop you right in your fucking face



[Produced by Jake One]

[Verse]
Kicked off my shoes, tripped acid in the rain
Wore my jacket as a cape, and my umbrella as a cane
The richest man rocks the snatch-less necklace
Spineless bitches in backless dresses
Wore my feelings on my sleeveless
My weed seedless, my trees leafless
I miss my diagonal grilled cheeses
And back when Mike Jackson was still Jesus
Before I believed in not believing in
Yeah, I inhaled, who believed in me not breathing in
Cigarette stained smile all covered in sin
My big homie died young; just turned older than him
I seen it happen, I seen it happen, I see it always
He still be screaming, I see his demons in empty hallways
I trip to make the fall shorter
Fall quarter was just a tall order
And I'm hungry, I'm just not that thirsty
As of late, all my verses seem not so verse-y
And all my words just mean controversy
Took the team up off my back, like "That's not your jersey?"
Stressin', pullin' my hair out, hoping I don't get picked
All this medicine in me hoping I don't get sick
Making all of this money hoping I don't get rich
'Cause niggas still getting bodied for foams
Sometimes the truth don't rhyme
Sometime the lies get millions of views
Funerals for little girls, is that appealing to you?
From your cubicle desktop, what a beautiful view
I think love is beautiful too
Building forts from broken dams, what a hoover could do
For future hoopers dead from Rugers
Shooting through the empty alley
Could've threw him an alley-oop
Helping him do good in school
Damn that acid burn when it clean ya
I still miss being a senior
And performing at all those open mic events
Eyes closed, eyes closed seeing arenas
And I still get jealous of Vic
And Vic's still jealous of me
But if you touch my brother
All that anti-violence shit goes out the window along with you
And the rest of your team
Smoking cigarettes to look cooler
I only stop by to look through ya
And I'm only getting greedier
And I'm still Mr. Youmedia
And I still can't find Talent
And I'm still choosing classmates that wouldn't fuck
Mom still thinks I should go back to school
And Justin still thinks I'm good enough
And Mama Jan still don't take her meds
And I still be asking God to show his face
And I still be asking God to show his face

[Outro]
I am a new man, I am sanctified
Oh, I am holy, I have been baptized
I have been born again, I am the White Light
Rain, rain don't go away



[Produced By: Noah "40" Shebib & Omen]

[Intro]
Uh, yeah, uh, opportunity be knockin', let a motherfucker in

[Hook]
Opportunity be knockin', you gotta let a motherfucker in
I kiss my mother on the cheek, tell her that I love her
You ain't gotta worry 'bout a thing, I got it covered
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Ma, you know I'm still your little baby

[Verse 1]
All my life I was a fuck-up, now I pull the truck up
Same bitch stuck up, now she wanna suck us
See me hangin' out the window, screamin', "What, what?!"
No more tough luck, a different cloth is what I'm cut from
Baby, oh, my lord
The cops chasin' Bronson in an all-white Ford
Shit, I'm on that all-night tour
Bitch, I'm alright, but I'm off that raw
I'm in a robe dancin' salsa on the top floor
You would swear I'm Puerto Rican, but I'm not, lord
Hot hoes every city that we go, singin'
"Heads high, kill 'em with it now!"
Uh, all I do is eat oysters
And speak six languages in three voices
It's Adriatic Summers on a sail boat
Don't even try to call, I'm not available for nothin'
Unless it's stupid paper, hop out the Studebaker
With Anita Baker, uh

[Hook]
Opportunity be knockin', you gotta let a motherfucker in
I kiss my mother on the cheek, tell her that I love her
You ain't gotta worry 'bout a thing, I got it covered
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Ma, you know I'm still your little baby

[Verse 2]
Uh, I feel so alive, I think I shit myself
I should kiss myself
I'm starin' at the man inside the mirror
The reflection shows a wolf though (AOOOH!)
Goddamn, I'm still cute, ho (Yeah)
All my women play the flute
Saw me plate some melon and prosciutt'
Left handed, make the Fender cry
Count money with a reverend's smile, the Devil's eye
Half-Cherokee and Gemini, uh
Motherfuckers'll dump heat, from Jump Street
And turn your chest plate to lunch meat
I'm in a Humvee, lookin' like a young me
Now these motherfuckers all wanna be chubby
I switch the season, now the hair's curled
Tan skin, I need a bad girl
Cause James Brown said, "It's A Man's World"
In a Transam' Twirl, the burner handle made of pearl
That's just "Daddy's Little Girl"

[Hook]
Opportunity be knockin', you gotta let a motherfucker in
I kiss my mother on the cheek, tell her that I love her
You ain't gotta worry 'bout a thing, I got it covered
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Why you think I'm out here actin' crazy?
Ma, you know I'm still your little baby



[Intro]
That's right (sniff sniff)
Bam Bam in the mother fucking building
Queens, New York
Straight up
Drop that shit
It's me
I built this shit
Yeah

[Verse 1]
Let me begin baby, my name is Bronsoliño
All I see is C-notes, silk shirts at the casino
It's time to take those leather pants off, this ain't no dance off
I know your hands soft, you're on the menu like the lamb broth
This is a grown man's sport
And, dog, I leave a motherfucker laid out on the handball court
I never brag and boast, I'm fire out the dragon's nose
My words pronounced just like a camel toe
And every whip in the garage laced
Keep that thing in the guitar case, bait the cops into a car chase
Crash the mother fucking Jeep into the venue
You better pray to God it's straight to Heaven where they send you
Ah, why the fuck would I have a bodyguard
If I look just like the mother fucking bodyguard
Baby hair curls on my forehead, leave your whore dead
Hop out that four times, four door and draw lead
I'm underground and I need more bread
And I need more head from some bitches straight from Morehead
State your business cause I'm busy tanning naked
My joint is shaking while I'm wearing bracelets
Uh, your words are tasteless, your taste is basic
My taste in Asics will lead your fucking spaceship into Matrix
This place I made is quite spacious
And dog I'm not the one to fucking play with
Hear me?



[Intro]
To my niggas that went out in line on duty
21-gun salute! One love, one thug, one nation
(Let’s get down, let’s do this!)
21-gun salute! (Come on, yeah, let’s do this!)
21-gun salute!  (Come on, come on, let’s do this!)
All the time I be…

[Hook]
Hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke

[Verse 1]
21-gun salute, dressed in fatigues, black jeans and boots
Disappeared in the crowd, all you seen was troops
This little nigga named Nas think he live like me
Talking 'bout he left the hospital, took five like me
You live in fantasies, nigga, I reject your deposit
We shook Dre punk ass, now he out of the closet
Mobb Deep wonder why a nigga blowed 'em out
Next time grown folks talk, nigga, close your mouth!
Peep me, I take this war shit deeply
Done seen too many real players fall
To let these bitch niggas beat me
Puffy, let's be honest: you a punk or you will see me with gloves?
Remember that shit you said to Vibe about me bein' a thug?
And you can tell the people you roll with whatever you want
But you and I know what's goin' on
Payback, I knew you bitch niggas from way back
Witness me strapped with MAC's, knew I wouldn't play that
All you old rappers tryin' to advance
It's all over now, take it like a man
Niggas lookin' like Larry Holmes (look at De La Soul!)
Flabby and sick
Tryin' to player hate on my shit, you eat a fat dick
Let it be known, this is how you made me
Lovin' how I got you niggas crazy

[Hook]
Against all odds, hopin' my thug motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
Against all odds, hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote

[Verse 2]
I heard he was light-skinned, stocky, with a Haitian accent
Jewelry, fast cars and he's known for flashin'
Listen while I take you back and lace this rap
A real live tale about a snitch named Haitian Jack
Knew he was workin' for the feds
Same crime, different trials, nigga, picture what he said
And did I mention?
Promised to payback, Jimmy Henchman, in due time
I know you bitch niggas is listenin', the world is mine
Set me up, wet me up, niggas stuck me up
Heard the guns bust, but you tricks never shut me up
Touch one of mine, on everything I love
I'll destroy everything you touch
Play the game, nigga; all out warfare, eye for eye
Last words to a bitch nigga: "Why you lie?"
Now you gotta watch your back, now watch your front
Here we come, gunshots to Tut, now you stuck
Fuck the rap game, nigga, this M.O.B
So believe me, we enemies, I go against all odds

[Hook]
I'm hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
I'm hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote; against all odds

[Verse 3]
Puffy gettin' robbed like a bitch, to hide that fact
He did some shit he shouldn't have did, so we ridin' for that
And that nigga that was down for me, restin' dead
Switched sides, guess his new friends wanted him dead
Probably be murdered for the shit that I said
I bring the real, be a legend, breathin' or dead
Lord, listen to me, God don't like ugly, it was written
Ayo, Nas, your whole damn style is bitten
You heard my melody, read about my life in the papers
All my run-ins with authorities, felonious capers
Now you wanna live my life
So what's a "chazzer," Nas? Niggas that don't rhyme right
You've seen too many movies
Load 'em up against the wall, close his eyes
Since you lie you die — goodbye!
Let the real live niggas hear the truth from me
What would you do if you was me? Nigga

[Hook]
Hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke
Against all odds, hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke; against all odds

[Outro]
21-gun salute, one love to my true thug niggas
(Outlaw! Outlaw! Outlaw!)
21-gun salute to my niggas that die in the line of duty
Representin' to the fullest, bein' soldiers with military minds
That play the rules of the game, 21-gun salute
I salute you, my niggas, stay strong
I ride for you, I rhyme for you, I roll for you, it's all for you
To all you bitch-made niggas, I'm comin' for you
Against all odds, I don't care who the fuck you is
You touch me, I'm at you
I know you motherfuckers didn't think I forgot
Hell nah, I ain't forgot, nigga
I just remember what you told me
You said don't go to war unless I got my money right
I got my money right now, now I want war



[Verse 1]
First step is intention, second step is a glance
Then divine intervention
Mixing science religion
Pretending like we giants
Promise I was the biggest
For the lovers of dancing, this is color enhancing
Two strangers passing on the metro, what were the chances
People walk into circles
Every audience listens
They taking turns judging, everybody got issues
I be moving my feet and on varied tables I'm eating on
Up, we're cutting a rug, was it something I said
Put on Erykah's album, I can tear up a mountain
Get your eagle on, naw, more peregrine falcon
They sit in the darkness
They connect they courting naked in different apartments
Don't say nothing that's awkward
Take them up on that offer
And you'll be partnered up for life flying up in a saucer
And they trying to cat daddy, I'm hella allergic

[Hook]
I've been doing my research, so I know that move
I studied them all
I seen that swing
I've been watching it for hours, so don't get too close
She kick real high
They swing real low
I done been in that position so I know that spell
I read that book
I know those lines, I see 'em coming back around

[Verse 2]
First step is intention, second step is a glance
Then divine intervention
Mix of science religion
Environmentalist dance, make 'em sign a petition
For the lovers of dancing, this is color enhancing
Two strangers passing on the freeway, what were the chances
Don't be acting embarrassed, that's the whackest awareness
They get it in before their skin starts cracking and tearing
Heaven's not for the living
Ordained reverend and comparative monster religion
Sit in my pews
Cruise ship in the Pacific, we can bend the rules
And do the Transylvania boogie to forbidden blues
She did the peanut butter jelly, ain't nobody looking
The soul train line's long and it's sloppy and crooked
The chicken noodle soup and poodle skirt and hula hooping
The bullshit's twerking, you wanna see the Juicy Fruit
Ain't no keeping a distance, murdered the shadow

[Hook]
I've been doing my research, so I know that move
I studied them all
I seen that swing
I've been watching it for hours, so don't get too close
She kick real high
They swing real low
I done been in that position so I know that spell
I read that book
I know those lines, I see 'em coming back around

[Verse 3]
We can do it for safety like a factory worker
Trying to balance a beam
Skirt's floating cause she's twirling around in a dream
It's the easiest hustle
You catch a swing and then you squeeze your trapezius muscles
It takes a year or two
Your old friends you done found yourself getting nearer to
Who wants to hear the truth
Well you can do the wop
And plug us in, we got it poppin' in computer shops
First step is intention, second step is a glance
Then divine intervention
Mixing science religion
Pretending like we giants
Promise I was the biggest
For the lovers of dancing, this is color enhancing
Two strangers passing in the hallway, what were the chances



[Intro: Andre 3000]
Yeah! Killer keeps it honest
Cause reality is perception with a weak stomach
Bubbling uneasy like the bowels of hell (Boo!)
Enough to make a black ghost turn pale

Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!

[Verse 1: Killer Mike]
K-I-L-L
This is the name that came to alter the game
Not like these rappers who spit it the same
Separate lames from they chain
My mind don't slack
I'm totally focused on beating up tracks
Monsterous music to beat in your 'Lac
1000 watt amp with woofers in back
Lean to da left if you burning a sac
Baby got back and its in Baby Phat
Pardon me dog 4 chasing the cat
I'm hittin all kittens meowing like that
I like the front but I'm loving the back
I like to bite and I'm hoping she scratch
Escalade dipping I'm holding the lane
Mama's a scholar she blowing my brain
Ain't that the life?
Snapping & Trappin and Rappin & Frappin all night
Lil mama's a plumber she handling pipe
Ill wit a pill she handle it right
Like Iverson, the smallest thing on the team
But the livest one
Cocked loaded bust like a gun
Y'all better run, one, one!

[Hook: Killer Mike & Big Boi]
Thump, thump, thump, thump (yeah)
All in your trunk (yeah)
Grinding and hustling and getting at mine
Swerving and token and grippin on pine

Bump, bump, bump, bump
All in your trunk
Woofers and tweeters and speakers and geekers
Crawl in your bunk

[Verse 2: Killer Mike]
How we gon' stop (whooa)
How we gone quit (shitttt!)
Brand new shoes and socks on the Chevy
I came through swerving like this (errrrr!)
Good wit the game, gutter fo' show
Ducking you lames and obstacles
Don't get that ass in a hospital
Wrapped in a cast from head to toe
This boy he real!
Racing those candy Sevilles through Dixie Hills
My car do wheelies they drive on three wheels
First round pick like Michael Vick
Quarterback status throw passes at chicks
Santana Moss When catching the ball
Get it? Like Moss she catches the ball
Perfectly tuned my engine don't stall
And I'm equipped with nitros y'all
Ready to rip, burn, roar!
Ready to tear through your city and tour
Took The Whole World and murdered that shit!
Caught the beat running and dipped with that bitch!
Later for now I'm hustling hits
Flipping my words like bricks, trick!

[Hook]

[Outro]
New, new! That new-new!
New-new for you-you!
New-new for you-you!

That new-new! That new-new!
New-new for you-you!
New-new for you-you!



[Produced By: Party Supplies]

[Verse: Action Bronson]
Sittin' first class, feelin' like shit though
Starin' out the window with the mind of a schizo
Thinkin' if I jump, will I feel it when I hit the ground?
Fuck that, I want the crown off anybody head
I wouldn't care if everybody's dead
It's why I keep the pump shotty layin' in the bed
Have a fuckin' sleepover with my weapons
My Rambo knife is eatin' nuggets with my Smith & Wesson
Shit, I made this out of nothin'
Damn, these ladies love me out in London
Laurenivici served the granulated onion
My mind is locked in a contaminated dungeon
Dog, what the fuck is with your mother?
She got one leg longer than the other
One eye through the shutter
Made the transition from weed to butter, like spring to summer

[Hook: Action Bronson & Black Atlass]
I nearly lost my mind
All a motherfucker got is time, time, time
Time, time
I nearly lost my brain
Dealin' with this motherfuckin' pain, so bad
So bad, I'm so glad

I nearly lost my mind
All a motherfucker got is time, time, time
Time, time
I nearly lost my brain
Dealin' with this motherfuckin' pain, so bad
So bad, I'm so glad

I nearly lost my brain
Dealin' with this motherfuckin' pain, so bad
So bad, I'm so glad



[Intro: 2Pac + Dru Down]
Ah, yeah! Hahaha (Yeah)
It's all about you, one time (I'ma say it's all about you, baby, yeah)
Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you (It's all about you) (This Dru Down in the house
With my boy 'Pizznac, you know what I'm sayin'?)
It's all about you (Yeah, I'm gon' say it's all about you
But you know I'm lyin' though, ha! Yeah)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
You probably crooked as the last trick
Want to laugh 'bout how I got my ass
Caught up with this bad bitch?
Thinkin' I had her, but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck, I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love
In every club, I see you starin' like you want it
Well, baby, if you got it, better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin' these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla, but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it
Fantasies of us kissin', can I hit it?
Addicted to the things you do
But still true what I'm sayin', boo, ‘cause this is all about you

[Chorus: Nate Dogg + 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Yeah, nigga
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me, I'm a thug nigga
I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers
I love niggas ‘cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa and I don't even care?
Creep low, weed smoke's in the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show
I just seen you in my friend's video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you
Yeah, nigga, it's all about you

[Chorus: Nate Dogg + 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Verse 3: Hussein Fatal]
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch-ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty ho?
You think it's all about you? Well, boo
I gets down like Dru, and my nasty new niggas, too

[Verse 4: Yaki Kadafi]
You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Gold diggin', cold diggin' a gold Rolex

[Verse 5: Hussein Fatal]
I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cut, I came to fuck, try skeezin' me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia
(It's all about you)

[Chorus: Nate Dogg & 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho
Every other city we go, every other video
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Outro: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
I'm tellin' ya, it's the same old shit
I mean, goddamn, you know what I'm sayin'?
I'm sittin' back, watchin' Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch who was in my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel, I'm checkin' out my homeboy 2Pac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video
You know what I'm sayin'? And then, you know what I'm sayin'?
What make that even more fucked up
I'm watchin' a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch on the Million Man March
That was in the homeboy Warren G video!
I mean, damn, everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same ho
Don't get mad, I'm only bein' real, yeah



[Intro: Theophilus London, sample, & (Kanye West) ]
Nothing bout you
Nothing bout you
I wanna tell you
(All day, nigga)
Dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy
(All day, nigga)

[Hook 1: Kanye West]
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many...do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish...they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 1: Kanye West & Kendrick Lamar]
This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it’s just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
Talkin' big face, nigga
Put yo' ass back of pocket like a switch blade, nigga, uh
I ain't tryna play, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
All day, nigga
'Ye in the building like a hallway, nigga
Still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
Might...naturally all day, nigga
If...have Allstate with you, uh
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
Ride 'round something and it's all day, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
...then booked it like the Barclays Center, uh

[Interlude: sample & (Kanye West)]
Nothing bout you
Nothing bout you
I wanna tell you
(All day, nigga)

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
All day hoe, my neck look sweeter than parfait hoe
Rap Derek Jeter in a red two-seater
I can throw this dick from far away hoe (swish it, swish it)
Ask me how long do it take to be the greatest
I'm a bar away hoe (swish it, swish it)
Damn Kanye never will it be safe
Bitch I already know (swish it, swish it)
24/7 365 days everybody gettin' paid
Nigga lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJ's
Chitown, PJ all of BJ
Chitown, we play for the freebase
These days, don't believe what police say
DJ's and the B-boys run shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch

[Interlude: Theophilus London & sample]
Nothing bout you
Nothing bout you
I wanna tell you
So won't you dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy

[Outro: Paul McCartney]
Little darling, let me run (let me run)
Until I find myself
In the morning sun
Give me freedom (give me freedom)
Give me space
I want to find myself
In that special place
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa



[Intro: Kanye West (Theophilus London)]
All day, nigga
(Dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy)

[Chorus 1: Kanye West]
All day, nigga
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish, how long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it’s just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
For that Jesus piece, man, I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga
Told him I've been on ten since the 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
Uh, they better watch what they say to me
Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day
Yeah, I still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
If you run into me, better have Allstate with yah
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
'Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
Yeah, the dropout at it as always nigga, as always
All day, nigga

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed

[Chorus 2: Kanye West]
All day, nigga
How-h-how long you ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How long it take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
Pour some Hen out for my niggas that died, all day, nigga
And I keep a bad bitch on the passenger side, all day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I could do this all day, boy, I'm finna turn this bitch out
They need that Ye in the streets, boy, there's been a mothafuckin' drought
Don't really matter what I make, boy, you know I still go wild
Like a light-skinned slave, boy, we in the mothafuckin' house!
Right now, you lookin' real sus right now
I swear I've been on this flight like a month right now
Stupid niggas gettin' money, Forrest Gump right now
Shout-out to Jackie Chan, I need to stunt right now
They've been lookin' at the Gram, I've been lookin' at the Grammys
Like, huh, that's us right now
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid
Niggas lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
People saying, "Ye, Ye, take it easy"
20 Gs for the Yeezys off of eBay
Niggas do the most and they ain't done shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch

[Bridge: Theophilus London (Kanye West)]
(Hands up, hands up, hands up)
Hands up, hands up, hands up
So won't you dance? ayy, ayy ayy ayy
(All day, nigga)

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed

[Break: Kanye West]
Get low, alright
Get low, alright
What up? Alright, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

[Guitar Interlude: Paul McCartney]
Whistling

[Outro: Paul McCartney]
Well, well, well, let me run (let me run)
Let me run to see who came undone
You've been right in my face
Let me run 'til you're off my case
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa

[Produced by Velous, Kanye West, Diddy and Charlie Heat; Co-produced by Mike Dean, French Montana and Noah Goldstein; Additional production by Plain Pat, Travi$ Scott, Allen Ritter & Mario Winans]



[Intro: 2Pac]
Big Syke, Newt, Hank, Beugard, Big Sur
Y'all know how this shit go
All eyes on me
Motherfuckin' OG
Roll up in the club and shit, is that right?
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
But you know what?

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I bet you got it twisted, you don't know who to trust
So many player-hatin' niggas tryna sound like us
Say they ready for the funk, but I don't think they knowin'
Straight to the depths of Hell is where them cowards goin'
Well, are you still down? Nigga, holla when you see me
And let these devils be sorry for the day they finally freed me
I got a caravan of niggas every time we ride
Hittin' motherfuckers up when we pass by
Until I die, live the life of a boss player, 'cause even when I'm high
Fuck with me and get crossed later, the futures in my eyes
'cause all I want is cash and thangs
A five-double-oh Benz, flauntin' flashy rings
Uhh, bitches pursue me like a dream
Been known to disappear before your eyes just like a dope fiend
It seems, my main thing was to be major paid
The game sharper than a motherfuckin' razor blade
Say money bring bitches, bitches bring lies
One nigga's gettin' jealous and motherfuckers die
Depend on me like the first and fifteenth
They might hold me for a second, but these punks won't get me
We got four niggas in low riders and ski masks
Screamin', "Thug Life" every time they pass, all eyes on me

[Hook: 2Pac]
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high

[Pre-Verse: Big Syke]
Heeyyy, to my nigga 'Pac

[Verse 2: Big Syke]
So much trouble in the world, nigga
Can't nobody feel your pain
The world's changin' everyday, time's movin' fast
My girl said I need a raise, how long will she last?
I'm caught between my woman and my pistol and my chips
Triple beam, got some smokers on, whistle as I dip
I'm lost in the land with no plan, livin' life flawless
Crime boss, contraband, let me toss this
Needy hookers got a lot of nerve
Let my bucket swerve, I'm takin' off from the curb
The nervousness neglect make me pack a TEC
Devoted to servin' this Moët and pay checks
Like Akai satellite, nigga, I'm forever ballin'
It ain't right: parasites, triggers, and fleas crawlin'
Sucker, duck and get busted, no emotion
My devotion is handlin' my business, nigga, keep on coastin'
Where you goin', I been there, came back as lonely, homie
Steady flowin' against the grain, niggas still don't know me
It's about the money in this rap shit, this crap shit
It ain't funny, niggas don't even know how to act, shit
What can I do? What can I say? Is there another way?
Blunts and gin all day, 24 parlay
My little homie G, can't you see I'm buster-free?
Niggas can't stand me; all eyes on me

[Hook: 2Pac]
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
The feds is watchin', niggas plottin' to get me
Will I survive? Will I die? Come on, let's picture the possibility
Givin' me charges, lawyers makin' a grip
I told the judge I was raised wrong and that's why I blaze shit
Was hyper as a kid, cold as a teenager
On my mobile, callin' big shots on the scene major
Packin' hundreds in my drawers, fuck the law
Bitches, I fuck with a passion, I'm livin' rough and raw
Catchin' cases at a fast rate, ballin' in the fast lane
Hustle 'til the mornin', never stopped until the cash came
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss player, 'cause even gettin' high
These niggas got me tossin' shit
I put the top down, now it's time to floss my shit
Keep your head up, nigga, make these motherfuckers suffer
Up in the Benz, burnin' rubber
The money is mandatory, the hoes is for the stress
This criminal lifestyle, equipped with a bulletproof vest
Make sure your eyes is on the meal ticket, get your money
Motherfucker, let's get rich and we'll kick it; all eyes on me

[Hook: 2Pac]
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me

[Outro: 2Pac]
Pay attention, my niggas! See how that shit go?
Nigga walk up in this motherfucker and it be like, "Bing!"
Cops, bitches, every-motherfuckin'-body
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
I got bustas, hoes, and police watchin' a nigga, you know?
(I live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Livin' life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
He he he, it's like what they think
I'm walkin' around with some ki's in my pocket or somethin'
They think I'm goin' back to jail, they really on that dope
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa)
I know y'all watchin', I know y'all got me in the scopes
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
I know y'all know this is Thug Life, baby!
Y'all got me under surveillance, huh?
All eyes on me, but I'm knowin'



[Hook: Syleena Johnson + Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Yeah, this the real one, baby
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Uh, Chi-Town, stand up!
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Southside, Southside
We gon' set this party off right
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Westside, Westside
We gon' set this party off right
Oh, when it all

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Man, I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she doin' in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents'll look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so securr
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, "Fuck it, I'll just stay down hurr and do hair."
‘Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs
Of new Airs, ‘cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car, so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail, and well

[Hook: Syleena Johnson + Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
C'mon, c'mon, and when it falls down
Oh, when it all

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Man, I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollie's and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothin', pass that Ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this."
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some Ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seem we livin' the American Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe

[Hook: Syleena Johnson + Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Come on, come on
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Come on, come on
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
And when it all falls down

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I say, "Fuck the police," that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes, but we don't really need 'em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
'Cause they made us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin', "Where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordan, crackhead buy crack
And the white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gon' act holier than thou
'Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
‘Cause I wanna be on 106 & Park, pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it

[Hook: Syleena Johnson + Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
C'mon, c'mon
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
C'mon c'mon, and when it falls down
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Southside, Southside
We gon' set this party off right
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Westside, Westside
We gon' set this party off right
Oh when it all, it all falls down
Chi-Town, Chi-Town
We gon' show 'em how we get down
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Now, Syleena, you just like a safe belt, you saved my life
C'mon
Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down

[Produced by Kanye West]



[Intro]
Niggas can't be serious, man
Yo, yo

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Yo I'm the reason metal detectors go off the meter
'Cause I'll run through the airport with the heater
Gets the fag at his plane, and if I miss him
Put two in his brain at the baggage claim
Give him... heavy sluggage, tryna get his luggage
Send him to the crossroads, we way too thuggish
Shit, we at odds 'til we even up
'Til you leave on a stretcher or I leave in cuffs
Niggas wanna live, they done breathed enough
And I bet you next time they'll believe in us
It don't take much brains to know we bust things
My gat must bang, through your Mustang
Ma ma se, ma ma sa, ma ma ku sa
Niggas seen Kanye, red dotted them
Hurry up, stash the guns, the cops gon' come
And we gon' say we don't know who shot at 'em
Come on

[Hook]
All I have is my real niggas (What?)
Get this cash with my real niggas (Come on)
Give my last to my real niggas
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas
All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas (Come on)
Give my last to my real niggas (Come on)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas

[Verse 2: Cristina]
Y'all niggas ready for war? I'm ready
Easy with the clip, girl, hold it steady
Man I'm 'bout to squeeze back, cock and bust hot lyrics
Cock back, pop, and touch y'all spirits
Send 'em to hell, make their residence more evil
This beat here make me wanna kill four people
Three niggas and one hoe, turn bitches to Jane Doe
Send 'em past rainbows, with the ankles
Hit 'em from all angles, bring the pain though
Blow out the candles, the show's been cancelled
Man, y'all niggas better believe somethin'
'Fore I squeeze somethin' and leave somethin'
It ain't nothin' with my real niggas

[Hook]
All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas (That's right)
Give my last to my real niggas (Come on)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas
All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas (Come on)
Give my last to my real niggas (Come on)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas

[Verse 3]
I feel like one lady, five babies and four fathers
Six months searchin' for jobs and no offers
No heat 'cept for the stove
Sleep with two layers of clothes, still wakin' up cold
I'm real, like AIDS
Like the pain you feel when your nigga get strained
That's why I got issues like I got pistols
I gotta make your mama cry but I got tissues
I confess, I'm a gangsta
But I drop my flag, still cock back and drop a fag
Leave him in a bag with a tag on his metatarsals
Awfully ill, man, awfully real
Thugged out, but I'm God's property still
And if I up the steel, I'ma probably kill
If not, you're paralyzed from the waist down
Alright dog, you're the king? I'm the ace now
Face down

[Hook]
All I have is my real niggas (You know)
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas (That's right)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas (For my real niggas)
All I have is my real niggas (That's all I have in this world)
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas (Konman Productions)
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas (Brian "All Day" Miller, come on)
[Hook]
All I have is my real niggas (That's right)
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas
All I have is my real niggas
Get this cash with my real niggas
Give my last to my real niggas
Cock back, blast, for my real niggas



[Produced by Key Wane]

[Intro: Aziz Ansari]
I'm really stepping up my game
These bitches gotta start paying me for this
Can't get no more free Randy

[Chorus: Drake]
Got everything, I got everything
I cannot complain, I cannot
I don't even know how much I really made, I forgot, it's a lot
Fuck that, never mind what I got
Nigga don't watch that 'cause I—
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real

[Verse 1: 2 Chainz]
Money on my mind, you should think the same
J's on, pinky ring—dogging these hoes, I need quarantine
In the same league, but we don't ball the same
(Ah) She want all the fame, I hear that shit all the time
She said she love me, I said, "Baby girl, fall in line"
Okay, made a million off a dinner fork, watch me switch it up
Walked in, "Ill nigga alert! Ill nigga alert!"
You need that work, I got that work, got bitches in my condo
Just bought a shirt that cost a Mercedes-Benz car note
From the A to Toronto, we let the metal go off
And my dick so hard it make the metal detector go off
This that sauce, this that dressing
Givenchy, nigga God bless you
If having a bad bitch was a crime, I'd be arrested (Tru)

[Chorus: Drake]
Got everything, I got everything
I cannot complain, I cannot
I don't even know how much I really made, I forgot, it's a lot
Fuck that, never mind what I got
Nigga don't watch that 'cause I—
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real

[Verse 2: Drake]
I touched down in '86, knew I was the man by the age of 6
I even fucked the girl that used to babysit
But that was years later on some crazy shit
I heard your new shit, nigga hated it
Damon Wayans, homie don't play that shit
I get paid a lot, you get paid a bit
And my latest shit is like a greatest hits
God damn, ain't no wishing over on this side
Y'all don't fuck with us, then we don't fuck with y'all
It's no different over on this side
God damn, should I listen to everybody or myself?
'Cause myself just told myself:
"You're the motherfucking man, you don't need no help"
Cashing checks and I’m bigging up my chest
Y'all keep talking ‘bout who next, but I’m about as big as it gets
I swear y'all just wasting y'all breath
I’m the light skinned Keith Sweat, I'ma make it last forever
It’s not your turn 'cause I ain't done yet
Look, just understand that I'm on a roll like Cottonelle
I was made for all of this shit
And I’m on the road box office sales
I’m getting paid for all of this shit
Ask you to please excuse my table manners
I was making room for the table dancers
'Cause if we judging off your advances
Then I just got paid like eight advances, God damn!

[Chorus: Drake]
Got everything, I got everything
I cannot complain, I cannot
I don't even know how much I really made, I forgot, it's a lot
Fuck that, never mind what I got
Nigga don't watch that 'cause I—
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me—

[Verse 3: Big Sean]
Ho, shut the fuck up!
I got way too much on my mental
I learn from what I've been through
I'm finna do what I didn't do
And still waking up like the rent's due
Not complicated, it's simple
I got sexy ladies, a whole Benz-full
And to them hoes I'm everything—everything but gentle
But I still take my time, man, I guess I'm just old fashioned
Wearing retro shit, that's old fashion
Nigga, see what I'm saying, no closed caption
I paint pics, see the shit, good sex, need to hit
Keep a broad on the floor year 'round like season tickets
I plead the fifth, drink a fifth, load the nine
Leave you split, in the half, smoke a half, need a zip
My new girl is on Glee and shit
Probably making more money than me and shit
I swear to God I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
I got 99 problems, getting rich ain't one
Like I got trust issues
I'm sorry for the people I've pushed out
I'm the type to have a bullet-proof condom
And still gotta pull out
But that's just me and I ain't perfect
I ain't a saint but I am worth it
If it's one thing, I am worth it
Niggas still hating but it ain't working
Lil' bitch...

[Verse 4: Drake]
Oh me, oh me, oh my
I think I done fucked too many women from the 305
'Fore the end of this year
I'll do King of Diamonds 3 more times
Smoking on that kush all in our section
Like it's legalized
Girl, you can't always have your way
Sometimes it be like that
They don't really fuck with you like that
They ain't never did me like that
I just took my time, you got the shine
I let you eat like that
I been taught to never loan somebody
What you need right back
And I need that shit right back
(No more free Randy) I’m blessed than a muhfucka
Niggas been stressed than a muhfucka
Niggas getting nervous
Clutching they chests like a muhfucka
Damn that’s a motherfucker
Tell the truth, I don’t listen to you
'Cause I don’t like being lied to
And that ship won’t sail
And that wind won’t guide you
Daddy was in jail, we was talking through the window
Like a motherfucking drive-thru
That was back then, man
Now my niggas rich enough to do whatever I do



[Chorus: Ant Clemons]
Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom
I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy, that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp
Get the genie out the bottle

[Bridge: Ty Dolla $ign & Ant Clemons]
Fuck it up, fuck it up
Pussy good, go 'n back it up
Pipe her up, I'ma pipe her up
Make her mine, I done fell in love
Juicy thing, make that pussy sing
One more time, baby, do it big
Make it cry, come boohoo this shit

[Chorus: Ant Clemons]
Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom
I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy, that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp
Get the genie out the bottle

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
If I pull up with a Kerry Washington
That's gon' be an enormous scandal
I could have Naomi Campbell
And still might want me a Stormy Daniels
Sometimes you gotta bag the boss up
I call that takin' Corey Gambles
Find yourself up in the food court
You might have to enjoy a sample
All these thots on Christian Mingle
Almost what got Tristan single
If you don't ball like him or Kobe
Guarantee that bitch gonna leave you
Ayy, time is extremely valuable
And I prefer to waste it on girls that's basic
That's just some Ye shit
Right now, let's do what we want
Let's have a threesome: me, you, and a blunt
I love your titties 'cause they prove
I can focus on two things at once

[Chorus: Ant Clemons]
Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom
I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy, that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp
Get the genie out the bottle
Get the genie out the bottle

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Let me hit it raw like fuck the outcome
Ayy, none of us'd be here without cum
Ayy, if it ain't all about the income
Ayy, ayy, let me see you go ahead and spend some
Ayy, if you drivin' 'round in some Dri-Fit
Ayy, I'ma think that you the type to dry snitch
Hm, mhm, if I see you pull up with the three stripes
Ayy, ayy, I'ma fuck around and make you my bitch

[Chorus: Ant Clemons]
Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom
I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy, that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp
Get the genie out the bottle
Get the genie out the bottle



[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Lights on, I see your face
She eat me up, she got expensive taste
I see you dreaming, but you still awake
Big slices, that's how you cut the cake
It's cold as hell, I show and tell
Weezy home, our nigga out of jail!
In this "give or take" world I got what it takes
Put you out your misery: Kathy Bates
I'm Young Money, I'm Cash Money
If we could buy time I'd spend my last money
Now I'm spending time, you in the blind
This little light of mine, I'mma let it shine
Bright lights, night lights, headlights, shh
No lights but them infrared lights
Long life, don't like to ask twice
You killing me baby, this the past life

[Hook: Rihanna]
(All of the lights)
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need
Want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Ready, set, go, go, go, go, go
Go til you can't go no more
I'm ill times ill, dope plus dope
"Westside bitch," quote, unquote
Woah there boy, don't go there ho
If you cross that line I might overload
I swear these lights be talking to me
But I can't read Morse Code
Why every rapper named "Big" got bodied, huh?
But every rapper named "Sean" got money, ooh?
Well I guess my chances are 50/50
But my vision is 20/20 so I be counting a hundred 100's
Oh my Allah, Lordy lordy lordy, I took your chick
Now you want beef and I am chuckling like I'm Porky
Cause you spend all day with her spooning
I spend all night with her forking
There's a one-way ticket to Hell and
They want these bullets to book it for me
I'm shitting on every statistic that said I'd be dead or fuckin broke
This is history, your kids' kids' kids' kids' kids gonna book report me
And I think they want to murder me
I'm shining hard, because bitch I'm an emergency

[Hook: Rihanna]
(All of the lights)
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need
Want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Bridge: Big Sean]
So good, so good, Westside, so hood
I do it.. B. I.... G

[Verse 3: Drake]
Bad decisions, good intentions, man I'm riding, Weezy with me
I just stepped out of the strip club, made 5000 look like 50
I spend all my time in Houston, smoke that kush but I don't do Whitney
I don't do Britney, I don't do Lindsay
I made $2 million since last Wednesday
And I hate y'all! Y'all got too much free time
Saying I don't drop shit, everything gon be fine
Worrying about your old girl, trying to see if she's mine
Nigga she's with me when she tells you she needs some "me time"
It's our time, so fuck y'all!
I'm really about to go Spring Break now
And start taking shots in this muthafucka
And you didn't have all that ass last month girl
What, you get some shots in this muthafucka?
Yeah, we got the Roc in this muthafucka
You thought niggas going pop in this muthafucka?
Young Money, power, respect in this bitch
You would think we got the LOX in this muthafucka
I made mistakes, I made some bread
I even made a way for them to get ahead
To my surprise, nobody replacing me
Take Care and Carter IV it won't be long 'til they can see the lights
And I'm on one, I got one
You a pussy nigga, I'm not one, so call it a night, call it a night
And I run this, and y'all know that
I take the purple and pour that, all in the Sprite, all in the Sprite



[Produced by Kanye West; Co-Produced by Jeff Bhasker]

[Intro: Choir]
All of the lights, lights, all of the lights

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Post-Chorus: Elly Jackson & Rihanna]
Fast cars, shooting stars
All of the lights, all of the lights
Until it's Vegas everywhere we are (all of the lights)
If you want it, you can get it for the rest of your life
If you want it, you can get it for the rest of your life

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Something wrong, I hold my head
MJ gone, our nigga dead
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I’m heading home, I’m almost there
I’m on my way, heading up the stairs
To my surprise, a nigga replacing me
I had to take him to that ghetto university

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, every night (All of the lights)

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Restraining order, can’t see my daughter
Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
Public visitation, we met at Borders
Told her she take me back, I’ll be more supportive
I made mistakes, I bumped my head
Courts sucked me dry, I spent that bread
She need her daddy, baby please
Can’t let her grow up in that ghetto university

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
(All of the lights) Cop lights, flashlights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights (All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, every night (All of the lights)

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Bridge: Kid Cudi]
Getting mine, baby
Got to let these niggas know, yeah
Getting right, babe
You should go and get your own
Getting mine, baby
Got to let these niggas know, yeah
Getting right, babe
You should go and get your own

[Verse 3: Fergie, (Rihanna), & Drake]
Unemployment line, credit card declined
Did I not mention I was about to lose my mind?
And also was about to do that line
K, okay, you know we going all the way this time
We going all the way this time
We going all the way this time
(We going all the way this time)
We going all the way this time

[Chorus: Choir]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Outro: Alicia Keys & (Elton John)]
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say was ohh)
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say was ohh)
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say was ohh)
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say)



[Sample]
One more beer
And I'll take you all
All of you

[Intro]
Banned from all bars
The man with seven scars

[Verse 1]
Smack it up, flip it, pulled out, 'bout to fell
Sunday in the ATL and I'm all outta ale
Like a bat out of hell, tripped on a cat tail
Mutt drinkin out a pail, who let the rat out the cell?
Got all the ingredients and recipe, might as well
Since last week, the bootlegger been in jail
If all else fail, inhale the L
Makin' sure they can't see your sale via snail mail
Mind like a sewer, servin' rhyme on a skewer
DOOM'll step to a fine dime like he knew her
"My black sister!" She said, "Step back!" before he kissed her
She did the dipper and the smack just missed her
There go a list of politics like Henry Kissinger
99% of rap's just a friendly listener
I'm like, "These dudes must have some screws loose to hate y'all"
Or a couple of ounces short of deuce-deuce or 8 Ball
Y'all know it's time for the end when the day come
Buy a album, get rudely insulted over fake drums
Same CDs you get for free, you break 'em
Wa-alaikum, make 'em eat they food like Steak-umm
Why she wanna ask me if I could pass the paprika?
One hand on the mic, the other on the beaker
Every week or so, peeked out the lab though, eureka!
A technique to keep somethin' uniquer in ya speaker
For yo' information, I didn't do the beat, y'all
It ain't my fault if she didn't move her feet at all
Skeeter, robbed Peter to pay Paul
So he could trick it on Mary so she can play ball

[Chorus]
She better have my scrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holey moley, did you get a load of her roley poley?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me
Whoever don't feel him, feel balls like a goalie

[Verse 2]
One for the money, two for the better green
3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine
Told the knock-kneed ghetto queen, "Get the head fiend"
Tell him it's for Medallin and use oxyacetylene
Who needs airplay? It's all just hearsay
Leave a wig like it was having a bad hair day
Miracle glide master, asked him what's his secret
He said Shasta and turned to formaldehyde faster
When I'm home with my lady, I try to duke her daily
One night, she tried to flail me with her ukulele
Pack your heat, the Villain on the cover of Black Beat
With a bunch of crackers and some snack meat

[Chorus]
They better have my scrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holey moley, did you get a load of her roley poley?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me



[Verse 1]
What the fuck do y’all niggas really want?
I went with realness instead
But all the real niggas I know either crazy or dead
Yeah, I dropped the free EP for these other kids to feel a lot
Niggas keep asking on whether this dude’s for real or not
I’m not trying to come hard, I’m trying to come me
That’s why these older songs that I used to make I’d release free
What’s the point of rap if you can’t be yourself, huh?
That’s why I come first like my cell phone
I’m a role model, I am not these other guys
I rap about my dick and talk about what girls is fly
I know it’s dumb, that’s the fucking reason I’m doing it
So why does everyone have a problem with talking stupid shit?
Or is it real shit?
‘Cause sometimes that stupid shit is real shit
Like when you make out with your best friend’s baby sis
You know the one with short hair you used to babysit?
(See, that’s not even right)
You with a different girl like each and every fucking night
And kiss her while she’s sleeping and sneak out the front to catch a flight
That’s not life, dude
It's just making up for fucks I missed in high school
I keep it wrapped until I meet the right one
’Cause I ain’t Mumford, I ain’t tryin’ to have sons
All I wanted was some more like Ashton
I ain’t the coolest but I know I got passion
I got passion!

[Hook]
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find

[Segue]
“Baby, I’m okay” She said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”
I said, “Baby, I’m on the edge.” She said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”
I said, “Baby, I’m on the edge.” She said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”
I said, “Baby, I’m on edge.” Said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”

[Verse 2]
Am I serious? I don’t even know
Are you hearing this? This shit is laughable
I ain’t trying, I’m doing, these other rappers are foolish
I got fame, my A&R’s a computer
Is there room in the game for a lame who rhymes?
Who wears short shorts and makes jokes sometimes?
My nigga like, “I’d get you MTV if I could, man
But Pitchfork only likes rappers who crazy or hood, man”
So, I guess we gon' see
I ain’t Curren$y, but if there ain’t money in my name please murder me
Sometimes I feel like I ain't supposed to be here
Sometimes I wake up, I don't want to be here
My mom loved to text me Psalm verses
She don’t look at me like I’m the same person
I used to be the sweet one, but things change
And I don’t want her missing a son like Bon’s last name
And all my uncles alcoholics, shame on me
I drink whiskey till I’m grounded, no TV
I wanna go inside the club with no gold piece
And walk in with no I.D. and No I.D
No matter how far the hood seems
We all still got hood dreams
I always wanted to get picked on the cool team
But alone is exactly how I should be

[Hook]
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find
I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find
We need to find
We need to find



[Verse 1]
(check, yeah)
We was walking away
Repeated all we can say
Depart with a hug
And it's a public display
Like a dozen a day
Walking, we plugging away
At it, I'm r

[Intro]
Everything's great up until you show up (x5)

[Verse 1]
Force fit murders and corporate mergers
Are so "New world"
Horseshit burgers keep force, and click cursors
Make you so "user friendly"
Compassionate conservatives who get maximum superlatives
Is so "Neo-Reaganomics"
(there are certain no-no)
Claiming ownership of this Pangaea puzzle piece
Is so "English settler"
Oh la di me on my out of body body builder's muscle beach
Is so " Out of character for you
Seeing you underestimate how government officials furor and decimate
Is so "up your alley"
And other world variety packs with apocalyptic anxiety tax
Is so "1999"
So typical (you are)
Now this for obscene language and loud music
Which are now news clips of social under rest
But it's a crowd-shooting mix
Cause i redden all the rubber flesh, I'm hunted by Boba Fett's
And these are the minimal of substance
I'm the political pundit, I'm cynical and unfit
For day to day life I've got a pitiful pun kick
But at least I'm not on that criminal thug shit
Then they hide the doors that rape states right

[Hook]
And it was great and it was cool
But then along came this biter
And he was so out of touch
So completely self indulgent
Just so out to lunch
So in desperate need of a style of consultant and some school enrollment
People need help...

[Godzilla sample scratching]
(Yea)

[Verse 2]
Now those recorded on toaster ovens doing their over dubbing
Is so "20th century"
Giving sell buyers harsh pile drivers
Is so "me"
This machine kills fascists and other unwanted guests
Now when I improvise showers risk the skies from brain storm rain clouds
I'm Coltrane and Kurt Cobain's brain child
And you're soaking wet, wanting to use these rap sounds for your bath towels
My moods for a chin check, I'll give you this crank valve
So you can smoke it in a black and mild and feel at home
TV sprout seedlings that cheer bling bling (bling bling)
And also force feed
Footage of bombs over Baghdad
To distract from my palms over scratch pads

[Hook]
And it was cool hunky dory
I wasn't hungry or horny
But then along came this biter
And he was so out of touch (so completely)
So completely self indulgent (totally)
Just so out to lunch (out there)
So in desperate need of a style consultant and some school enrollment
Style consultant school enrollment

[Outro]
Yeah
Do-do
(turn this shit music, this goddamn hippie phase have fucked up the music... I'd like to get my hands on one those little bastards. Getting away with murder. Sex, drugs, pissing on America, fucking up the music.)

Biter



Yeah
So give me that reason
I told you I loved you already, bitch, what the fuck?
Yeah

Shawl neck on the drunk lawyer
Coke shits in the toilet
Turkey sandwich in aluminium foil
The game been fixed
I don’t play that shit
I aim that shit
If she looking at another mother fucker than you leave that bitch
I don’t play that shit
Hear me
Left hand is steering
In a Amadu Diablo
Shit I got the urge to get a earring
Image in the rearview mirror like Timothy Leary
Don’t even come near me
I keep it thug with a gun near me
Your boy been eating on the run clearly
Clear the run-way
720’s on a one way
So much drugs, what would a nun say?
And its Sunday
Shit, I don’t really give a fuck
All I really want to do is see my people up
Up to no good again
She threw the condom told me put it in
I did, fuck
I nutted in like three strokes
Shit, now that’s no way to rep the East Coast
Every day I’m walking with my head up
Don’t let up ‘cause it’s a set-up
Like Albanian marriage go from Haiti to Paris
The bath was 90 degrees
Tapping Heinies with ease (shit,)
Bitch please I’m the bee’s knees
Shooting Deca-Durabolin three CC’s
Peep the landscape
You can catch me in the trees like the shit for the pancakes



[Verse 1]
It's amazing, I'm the reason
Everybody fired up this evening
I'm exhausted, barely breathing
Holding on to what I believe in

[Hook]
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see
It's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing (x2)
It's amazing

[Verse 2]
I'm a monster, I'm a killer
I know I'm wrong
I'm a problem
That'll never ever be solved

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I'm a monster, I'm a maven
I know this world is changing
Never gave up, never gave in
I'm the only thing I'm afraid of

[Hook]

So amazing, so amazing, so amazing

No matter what, you’ll never take that from me
My reign is as far…
Bring it back down though

It's amazing, I'm the reason
Everybody fired up this evening
I'm exhausted, barely breathing
Holding on to what I believe in
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
Never take that from me

No take it back down, take it back, keep going

It feels like you're on trial sometimes
And in a relationship, you can also be on trial
And be convicted with no jury

And this song was sort of like that moment where someone tells you ain't, you ain’t - you gotta say I am - an emancipation, if you will
Cause you can't take that from me
My self-esteem

So whether it something in your own home, or a situation like mine
Where you're under the microscope of the media

Never let them take that from you
I never let them, let them take that from me

You have to be amazing sometimes
I and I know I do not always state popular opinion

Amazing, Michael Jackson, amazing
Michael Phelps, amazing
OJ Simpson, amazing
Is het not?!
What he did when he did what he did, was he not amazing though?

I think I saw in a movie - I get my quotes from movies cause I don't read
Or from like, go figure, real life or something
Like live real live, talk to real people, get information, ask people, questions
And it was something about, you either die a superhero or you live to become the villain
I'M CHILLIN'

*Kanye chicken noise*

I'm chillin'

So many times they try to make me out to be the villain
I don't understand what I did
I apologize for acting like a bitch at award-shows
It's an award-show, didn't kill anyone
But yet and still I apologize for my ungraciousness

I was a spoiled little Chicago-boy, who got all these awards as he came in the door and people clapped and sang his praises
And he soaked it all up and believed his own hype
To the point where he could not lose
And if anyone didn't pick him, they could not choose
As he swooves with the who's-who's and broke all the rules
And even lost his cool
Hey, nothing new
Now they don't like you, hey they don't like you
Look at what you've done boy, trying to be the number one boy

And I'm thirty-one years now and I've leaned from my mistakes

Just play pianos...

Super-hero music, pain

This hardcore, so hardcore
That's why I sing:

I'm a monster, I'm maven
I know this world is changing
Never gave up, never gave in
I'm the only thing I'm afraid of
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see
It's amazing



[Verse 1: Kanye West]
It's amazing, I'm the reason
Everybody fired up this evening
I'm exhausted, barely breathing
Holding on to what I believe in

[Hook: Kanye West]
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I'm a monster, I'm a killer
I know I'm wrong, yeah
I'm a problem
That'll never ever be solved

[Hook: Kanye West]
And no matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I'm a monster, I'm a maven
I know this world is changing
Never gave in, never gave up
I'm the only thing I'm afraid of

[Hook: Kanye West]
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing

[Verse 4: Young Jeezy]
I'm amazing (amazing) yeah I'm all that (all that)
If I ain't on my grind, then what you call that? (What you call that?)
Victorious, yeah we warriors
We make history, strive off victory (yeah)
Standing at my podium, I'm trying to watch my sodium
Die high blood pressure, either let the Feds catch ya (yeah)
I'm amazing, born on a full moon
I was bred to get it in, no spoon
That's why I'm so goon, summertime, no June
Big family, small house, no room
They like "Oh God, why he go so hard?
Look what he's been through, he deserves an applause"

[Outro: Kanye West]
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing



[Hook]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
Let's get ready to rumble!

[Intro]
Now, you know how we do it, like a G
What really go on in the mind of a nigga
That get down for theirs
Constantly, money over bitches
Not bitches over money
Stay on your grind, nigga
My ambitions as a ridah
My ambitions as a ridah

[Verse 1]
So many battlefield scars while driven in plush cars
This life as a rap star is nothin' without guard
Was born rough and rugged, addressin' the mass public
My attitude was "fuck it," 'cause motherfuckers love it
To be a soldier, must maintain composure at ease
Though life is complicated, only what you make it to be
Uh, and my ambitions as a ridah
To catch her while she hot and horny, go up inside her
Then I spit some game in her ear, "Go to the telly, ho!"
Equipped with money in a Benz 'cause, bitch, I'm barely broke
I'm smokin' bomb-ass weed, feelin' Crucial
From player to player, the game's tight, the feeling's mutual
From hustlin' and prayers to breakin' motherfuckers to pay up
I got no time for these bitches, 'cause these hoes try to play us
I'm on a meal ticket mission, want a mil' so I'm wishin'
Competition got me ripped on that bullshit they stressin' (Booyah)
I'ma rhyme though, clown hoes like it's mandatory
No guts, no glory, my nigga, bitch got the game distorted
Now it's on and it's on because I said so
Can't trust a bitch in the business so I got with Death Row
Now these money-hungry bitches gettin' suspicious
Started plottin' and plannin' on schemes to come and trick us
But thug niggas be on point and game tight (Yeah)
Me, Syke and Bogart wrap it up the same night
Got problems, then handle it, motherfuckers see me
These niggas is jealous
'Cause deep in the hearts they wanna be me
Uh, yeah, and now you got me right beside ya, hopin' you listen
I catch you payin' attention to my ambitions as a ridah

[Chorus]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
(I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah)

[Verse 2]
It was my only wish to rise
Above these jealous coward motherfuckers I despise
When it's time to ride, I was the first off this side, give me the 9
I'm ready to die right here tonight and motherfuck they life
That's what they screamin' as they drill me, but I'm hard to kill
So open fire, I see you kill me, witness my steel
(That's all you niggas got?)
Spittin' at adversaries, envious and after me
I'd rather die before they capture me, watch me bleed
Mama, come rescue me, I'm suicidal, thinkin' thoughts
I'm innocent so there'll be bullets flyin' when I'm caught (Shoot)
Fuck doin' jail time, better day, sacrifice
Won't get a chance to do me like they did my nigga Tys
Thuggin' for life, and if you right, then nigga die for it
Let them other brothers try, at least you tried for it
When it's time to die, to be a man and pick the way you leave
Fuck peace and the police, my ambitions as a ridah

[Chorus]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G

[Verse 3]
My murderous lyrics, equipped with spirits of the thugs before me
Pay off the block, evade the cops 'cause I know they comin' for me
I been hesitant to reappear, been away for years
Now I'm back, my adversaries been reduced to tears
Question my methods to switch up speeds
Sure as some bitches bleed
Niggas'll feel the fire of my mother's corrupted seed
Blast me but they didn't finish, didn't diminish my powers
(Buck-buck-buck-buck-buck)
So now I'm back to be a motherfuckin' menace
They cowards, that's why they tried to set me up
Had bitch-ass niggas on my team so indeed they wet me up
But I'm back reincarnated, incarcerated
At the time I contemplate the way that God made it
Lace 'em with lyrics that's legendary, musical mercenary
For money I'll have these motherfuckers buried
I been gettin' much mail in jail, niggas tellin' me to kill it
Knowin' when I get out they gon' feel it
Witness the realest, a hoo-ridah when I put the shit inside
The cry from all your people when they find ya
Just remind ya, my history'll prove authentic
Revenge on them niggas that played me
And all the cowards that was down with it
Now it's your nigga right beside ya, hopin' you listenin'
Catch you payin' attention to my ambitions as a ridah

[Chorus]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me



[Produced by: Oddisee]

[Intro]
La-la-la-la-la
I know I invited you, I still want you to leave now
This is a whole long thing just telling you to leave my mind, leave

[Verse 1: Open Mike Eagle]
I woke up down in this dungeon
I've made mistakes in my judgments
I've built you up in my head this is my prayer for your reduction
You're not my aunt, uncle or cousin
Not your nephew or your husband
You think just 'cause you buzzin' you got licence but you doesn't
I hugged you like a glo-worm, come down now cause it's your turn
I ain't got nothing but time I like that long haul to that slow burn
I did too much of my homework
Killed my confidence with this research
I've put people on pedestals ego's reaction is knee-jerk
I'm trying to work on my weakness
It's not all roses and peaches, it's no secret
I've found myself in a funk for a whole weekend
Over email failures and DMs
"Did they get that shit? Should I re-send?"
What should I do when I see them?
Talk all soft and passive like Cleveland
Even wise men can go mindless
Voluntarily rocking them blinders
It generates all this shyness calling some other human your highness
They forgot about when they punched clocks
With Capri Suns in their lunchbox
Bad haircut with them sunspots
Drank fruit punch and wore dumb socks, yeah!

[Hook]
You're not my moms, you're not my father
Not my food, you're not my water
Not your earth, get out my lava
What the fuck is my problem?
It's a prayer for the American religion
Get out my food, you're not my java
Not my nurse, you're not my doctor
Not my priest, you're not my lama
What the fuck is my problem?
It's a prayer for the American religion

[Verse 2]
It's not worth my attention
Let alone all of these mentions
This first time is a warning, the next move is suspension
Got my own lapses in thinking, my processes were stinking
You're not Gandhi, you're not Yoda, you're not President Linking
Give a fuck if you was Oprah, Wolf Blitzer, or Al Roker
If you try to put yourself over I'll laugh at you like The Joker
This Hellfyre's my culture, put magic all in these cold words
I'm you as the slogan putting up mirrors instead of these posters
Watch me smash all of these idols got my own heavyweight title
There's no upper tier, we're all peers unless y'all want to be rivals
Talent's just a foundation rapped in festivals and in basements
If I ever lost my head I got good friends to replace it
Gives a fuck if you're on TV, you still poop and you still pee-pee
You sat down and got started not knowing there wasn't no TP
You got up then and you waddled
That shit might happen tomorrow
Whether you're a ball player, a stage actor, or international model
I don't care, neither should no one, I'll say that shit to Hulk Hogan
Obama down to Joe Rogan
Head of the studio that made Frozen
My brain's variable tape speed, SubGenius or hayseed
Try waving your resume, all the sudden I can't read, yeah!

[Bridge]
Get your name, fame can make you evil
And that's the shame cause we done lost so many people
It gets ingrained we start behaving like a sheep do
This song is a prayer when you should aim it where you need to
When you say it they believe you
This is a prayer and you should aim it where you need to

[Hook]



[Intro]
Bangladesh
Young Money!
You dig?
Mack, I'm going in

[Verse 1]
A millionaire, I'm a Young Money millionaire
Tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
I'm a venereal disease, like a menstrual, bleed
Through the pencil, and leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
‘Cause I don't write shit, ‘cause I ain't got time
‘Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar
And the almighty power of that ch-cha-cha-chopper
Sister, brother, son, daughter, father; mother-fuck a copper
Got the Maserati dancin' on the bridge, pussy poppin'
Tell the coppers: "Ha-ha-ha-ha
You can't catch him, you can't stop him"
I go by them goon rules: if you can't beat 'em, then you pop 'em
You can't man 'em, then you mop 'em
You can't stand 'em, then you drop 'em
You pop 'em ‘cause we pop 'em like Orville Redenbacher

[Hook]
Motherfucker, I'm ill

[Verse 2]
A million here, a million there
Sicilian bitch with long hair, with coke in her derriere
Like smoking the thinnest air
I open the Lamborghini, hopin' them crackers see me
Like, "Look at that bastard Weezy!"
He's a beast, he's a dog, he's a mothafuckin' problem
Okay, you're a goon, but what's a goon to a goblin?
Nothin', nothin', you ain't scarin' nothin'
On some faggot bullshit: call 'em Dennis Rodman
Call me what you want, bitch! Call me on my Sidekick!
Never answer when it's private, damn, I hate a shy bitch
Don't you hate a shy bitch? Yeah, I ate a shy bitch
She ain't shy no more, she changed her name to My Bitch
Yeah, nigga, that's my bitch, so when she ask
For the money when you through, don't be surprised, bitch!
And it ain't trickin' if you got it
But you like a bitch with no ass: You ain't got shit
Motherfucker, I'm ill, not sick
And I'm okay, but my watch sick, yeah, my drop sick
Yeah, my Glock sick, and my knot thick — I'm it

[Hook]
Motherfucker, I'm ill

[Verse 3]
See, they say I'm rappin' like B.I.G., Jay, and 2Pac
André 3000, where is Erykah Badu at? Who that?
Who that said they gon' beat Lil Wayne?
My name ain't Bic, but I keep that flame, man
Who that one that do that, boy?
You knew that true that, swallow
And I be the shit, now you got loose bowels
I don't owe you like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
And I'd rather be pushin' flowers
Than to be in the pen sharin' showers
Tony told us this world was ours
And the Bible told us every girl was sour
Don't play in her garden and don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
Boy, I got so many bitches, like I'm Mike Lowrey
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me
Motherfucker, I say "Life ain't shit without me"
Chrome lips pokin' out the coupe, look like it's poutin'
I do what I do, and you do what you can do about it
Bitch, I can turn a crack rock into a mountain — dare me
Don't you compare me, ‘cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me but they hear me
They don't feel me but they fear me
I'm illy, C3, 3 Peat



[Intro: Kanye West]
Yeah
It's (a million)

[Hook: Kanye West]
I freestyle battle niggas for (a million)
How many niggas bit the soul? 'Bout (a million)
How many hoes did I bone? 'Bout (a million)
Uh-uh, uh-uh, it's (a million), uh-uh
There's (a million) ways to die, choose one
(A million)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Lot of people askin' 'bout the money I made, even Just Blaze
How are they for real, is them niggas really paid?
Rappers I met or dealt with direct
Is it true he won't send a beat tape until he get a check?
What's the position you hold?
Can you really match the Neptunes, check
By check if "H to the Izzo" is the only single that went gold?
If Roc-a-Fella shit fold and you move back to the 'Go
Is it back to ghost producer for D. Dot on the low?
For the millionth time askin' me
Questions like Toni Braxton, harassing me
Like you don't care about my son's feelings?
Can I get a minute, you wack bitch? I ain't gotta jack shit
You heard "Takeover", who running this rap shit?
Ugh, fake tits, shut up and make hits
Can't we all just get along, spread love like Take 6?
What, you doin' beats in LA for Eminem and Dr. Dre?
Them niggas sold ten mill, I'm trying to get paid
We do this shit for entertainment
Bring guns to the arraignment
While the judge in the chamber
Let one up out the chamber, BLAOW!

[Hook: Kanye West]
How many years did I wait? About (a million)
How many niggas tryin' to hate? About (a million)
But when a nigga count his cake, it's 'bout (a million)

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
'04, College Dropout, I make the game different
I don't know what the hell y'all niggas been sniffin'
'Ye still flicking, hoes is my addiction
Five days out the week, you'll find me in the kitchen
Smashing the game, nigga, unlike you
'Cause these beats change the game and the hook's right too
I'm a crook like you
Cats back in the Chi was buying tracks for dirt cheap
Man, what could I do?
Knowing I supposed to style, I'm the fly boy poster child
'Bout to be on Oprah now
It's ironic and whatnot how I put no ice on the Bulgari watch
Just to make it hot
Now you see me on stages, my hit resumes is two pages
For them niggas who played us
Feet just raises, booming like Master Aces
"Stand Up", number one, and there's more to come
All I got for hoes is hard dick and bubble gum
While y'all brick like Fred, Barney Rubble and them
Chi-Town in this bitch, what's fucking with them?
Not a damn thing, nigga, we doing our damn thing, BLAOW!
(A million)



It's your boy Kanye Cheddar and I'm 'bout to sell (a million)
How much he charge for a track? About (a million)
How many niggas bit the soul? 'Bout (a million)
How many girls did I bone? About (a million)
I freestyle battle niggas for (a million)
Hey yo, y'all niggas don't want it
It's (a million) ways to die in this city
Hear me? (a million) Look, listen

A lot of speculation about the money I've made, me and Just Blaze
How are they fo'real, are them niggas really paid?
Rappers I've met or dealt with direct
Is it true he won't send a beat tape until he get a check?
What's the position you hold?
Can he really master depths who check by check
And 'H to the IZZO' only single that went gold?
If Roc-a-Fella should fold and you're left out in the cold
Is it back to ghost producin' for D.Dot on the low?
For the millionth time, askin' me
Questions like Toni Braxton, harassin' me
Like you don't care about my son's feelin's
Can I get a minute, you whack [bitch]
I ain't gotta jack shit
You heard 'Takeover', who runnin' this rap shit?
Eww fake tits
Shut up and make hits
Can't we all just get along, spread love like Take Six
What'chu doin' in L.A. with 50 Cent and Dr. Dre?
Didn't one them niggas have beef with Jay?
We doin' this shit for entertainment
Brings guns to the arraignment
While the judge in the chamber let one up out the chamber
BLAOW! {*laughs*}

I'm gonna sell (a million)
And after that I'ma buy a couple buildin's
My dog He Nice named his son (a million)



[Part 1: AM]

[Verse 1: Wiki]
Nineteen, still gettin' kicked out the crib
Ripped off my bib, spit out my food, hiccup and piss
Urine burnin', I could smell the liquor in this
Cats always tryna' pick up the fist—"Duff this dude out"
Rappers stoop just to get to your crib
Now it's like bruised face, loose walk, too sauced
Distraught thoughts on my corpse on the asphalt
Back when I’d slack off, rock my slacks of my ass half-off
Every time I rap I blast-off
Back when I catch court I always had sports
Dippin' on cops in my track shorts
So tell my mom I had to make it right
I lie every night about the lime-light so I could lie at night
And tell my pops I gotta take advice
Keep my head screwed on tight, abuse these mics
See me, I’m the contusion type
A cat to smack the mic
Against my fuckin' head when I'm losing hype
RATKING, never losing hype, no
Smack king and I do it right, no
RATKING, yeah, I do it nice, woah

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
Bitch, I skated before I rapped
If you take me before your captain, bet 20 hots on your daddy
That someone could Noila Clap 'em
Probably cold and passive
Cause Pops was the one that got to me
Feeling down like he passed it
And when I'm cornered, it's action, I was kinda out the game
Momma put the quarter right back in the slot
In '09, we took the 7 to the Dussy 17 to the block
Bitch, if yo' nigga had Supreme, we was the reason he copped it
And nowadays I'm on the hunt for mirrors to box with
And some pretty bitches that ain't trip if it's a hit and run
I got the gold cause I don't do the crying, bro
She Mario, I'm tryna keep the whining to a minimum
Piggies come, bet I'm splittin' quicker than I finish rum
Find me some Indica, nuggets on my fingers
And my shirt like they was chicken crumbs
The room spinnin', finna yak if I don't hit the blunt
Got the chin waggin', slim chances of me getting up after this
Mind in the trash next to where my fuckin' passion went
Dodge fanatics, half-a-Xanax when I'm traveling
Six hours or more, brick out on the tour
Got kicked out of the morgue, spit cattle manure shit
Shit, rally the Horsemen, tally the corpses

[Part 2: Radio]

[Instrumental]



[Intro: Chance The Rapper]
Angels, na, na, na, na, ah

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
I got my city doing front flips
When every father, mayor, rapper jump ship
I guess that's why they call it where I stay
Clean up the streets, so my daughter can have somewhere to play
I'm the blueprint to a real man
Some of these niggas toss they tassel for a deal man
I ain't goin' to hell or to Hillman
Igh, Igh, Igh, Igh, for my real fans
I got caught up with a little Xan
Can't stop me but it slow me though
Yeah a nigga famous, you don't know me though
But every DJ still play me though
Damn man, I don't even need a radio
And my new shit sound like a rodeo
Got the old folks dancing the Do-si-do
'Til they fuck around and sign me to OVO
Oooh, I just might share my next one with Keef
Got the industry in disbelief, they be asking for beef
This what it sound like when God split an atom with me
I even had Steve giving out apples for free

[Chorus: Saba]
They was talking "woo this woo wap da bam"
City so damn great, I feel like Alexand'
Wear your halo like a hat, that's like the latest fashion
I got angels all around me they keep me surrounded

[Post-Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
Who is you, and who the fuck is you, and who is him?
All of a sudden, woo wap da bam
You can't touch me
Na, na, na, na, I got angels
I got angels

[Verse 2: Chance The Rapper]
I ain't change my number since the seventh grade
This for my day one, ten years, seven days
A week, niggas never tired on they Kevin Gates
And if they rest in peace they bunny hopping heaven's gates
It's too many young angels on the southside
Got us scared to let our grandmommas outside
You gon' make me take the campers way downtown
You gon' make me turn my BM to my housewife
I just had a growth spurt
It done took so long, my tippy toes hurt
You can keep the nose ring, I don't have to soul search
I'm still at my old church, only ever sold merch
Grandma say I'm Kosher, momma say I'm culture
GCI, 1-0-7-5, angel goin' live
Power 92, angel, juke, angel gon' juke
GCI, 1-0-7-5, goin' live
Power 92, angel gon' juke, juke, juke, juke

[Chorus: Saba & Chance The Rapper]
They was talking "woo this woo wap da bam"
City so damn great, I feel like Alexand'
Wear your halo like a hat, that's like the latest fashion
I got angels all around me, they keep me surrounded
Wap the bam (na, na, na, na)
I got angels
(I got angels) I got angels all around me they keep me surrounded
Na, na, na, na
I got, I got angels
They was talking "woo woo, this woo wap da bam"
City so damn great, I feel like Alexand'
Wear your halo like a hat, that's like the latest fashion
I got angels all around me, they keep me surrounded

[Post-Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
Who is you, and who the fuck is you, and who is him?
All of a sudden, woo wap da bam
You can't touch me
Na, na, na, na, I got angels
I got, I got angels

[Outro: Vocals]
Na, na
Na, na
I got, I got



[Produced by Havoc]

[Intro: Havoc]
No doubt!
Yo, yo, y'know how we did on The Infamous album, right?
Aight, we gonna do it again son

[Verse 1: Havoc]
Yo, laid up in the cut, watch these rap niggas fuck you up
Dig in shorty guts, get the bitch to set you up
It's the most trifle, 41st Side disciples
Take kindness for a weakness so I won't be so kind to
Niggas comin' through, I gave you birth kid, I'm sonnin' you
The Infamous got PC for days
We runnin' thru townships, fuckin' shit
Kid, we down shit
Hustle mad bricks, Queensbridge no doubt, rep the clique
9-6 droppin' wild on some Benz's
Some next shit, crash bar, ash the GOD
I remember when loadin' up the gats, beef settlin'
Ghetto peddling the Sonder, shorty dead again
Songs about 'We all around the NC'
Cop the E series, jealous ones envy
Hate to see me but got the nerve to wanna be me
I bleach blind em, you can't see like Ste-vie
I'm on TV, Vidbox and all that
Still in the Bridge, now what's fuckin' with that?

[Verse 2: Prodigy]
To all my Mobb crimey, money-hungry and grimy
Mobb sheisty, Godfather III and Gotti
Rapper Noyd, Ty Maxx and Ty Nitty
Scarface and Gambino, New York City
It's P live and direct, stab ya neck
Ice-pick bloodied up ya whole entire shit
Live shit 1-9-9-6, ask your bitch
My crew run wild, snatch chains and bracelets
Your time's wasted for figuring P
There's two sides of me
Snake niggas obviously, you get lumped somethin' horribly and then we calmly guzzle Spumantely and Dom Pérignonly
Move the crowds over, cruise the fuck out
After GOD drinks had to shoot our fuckin way out
Spark flyin niggas dyin, bitches cryin and shout
Mobb niggas to the exit, we out

[Verse 3: Ty Nitty & (Gambino)]
(Ty) 9-6 load up the clips, the Infamous apocalypse
QBC on the L-I-E an sippin Hennessey
And Remy, V-S-O-P, Ty Nitty jiggy
Eyes forever chinky, up in the Mariott
Tonnes o' hydro, black tuxedo, lay low
The 5-0-migos, the gigolo, what nigga?

[Verse 4: Twin Gambino]
My technique, official white meat
Internal bleeding he felt, heat then cold feet
QBC committee, Ty Nitty hit the safe
The Phillipino's have mad ice and gold plates
We escape, ain't no turnin back to Stat
Pushin back-to-back acs, gettin cheddar
Drug smugglin tri state, catchin faith
We don't hesitate, we regulate and evaluate, cut the cake!

[Hook x2]
My crew worthy, blood sweat and tears
And thirty years for years, extort niggas and drink beers
Tired of livin life this way, crime pay
But for how long till you reach a downfall
Thug niggas surround y'all, 4 pound y'all
Animal instinct, these niggas gettin clapped on instinct
I'm tired of livin life this way, crime pay
But for how long till you reach a downfall

(Nigga) Motherfucker!
Word up!



[Hook 1: Tyler]
Can we talk on the phone or something
Because when I call (you on the phone)
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer

[Verse 1: Tyler]
Hey Dad, it's me, um...
Oh, I'm Tyler, I think I'd be your son
Sorry, I called you the wrong name, see, my brain's splitting
"Dad" isn't your name, see "Faggot's" a little more fitting
Mom was only twenty when you ain't have any fucks to spare
You Nigerian fuck, now I'm stuck with this shitty facial hair
Also stuck with a beautiful home with a case of stairs
So you not being near fucking fire-started my damn career
But fuck it, I got Clancy, he gave me the chance to see
A world I wasn't supposed to, I'm stoked that I didn't know you
But sucks you ain't give a fuck and considered a sperm donor now
The fuck is an Okonma? I'm changing my shit to Haley
And I just ain't being passive, nigga
You a fucking faggot, nigga
Got a show on Monday, guess who ain't getting no passes, nigga?
But if I ever had the chance to ask this nigga
And call him...
I hope he answer

[Hook: Tyler and (Syd)]
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone (Please pick up)
I'd like to talk to you
(I hope you answer)

[Verse 2: Tyler]
Suck my fucking dick and swallow this case of nuts
Ace hates your guts, I'm a selfish fuck
And I ain't sharing green as if I'm facing blunts
Frank is out the closet, Hodgy's an alcoholic
Syd might be bipolar, but fuck it, I couldn't call it
Supposed to be gone til November but quickly came back in August
I left two months through September to clearly remember all this
I would like to tell my grandma, but she just nostalgia
I'll call her number
But she won't answer

[Hook: Tyler (Syd)]
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
'Cause when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone
(I'd like to talk to you)
I hope you answer

[Verse 3: Tyler]
You claim to hate my fucking guts
But say I'm on a island in Thailand and I was wilding
And, if I got stranded had to man up and hold my nuts
And hope that I could live off salt water and fucking coconuts
Phone ain't got no service -- this 3G is fucking worthless
Day is getting dark like the area's turning urban
You'll be fucking nervous like me inside of a church is
But, I'mma get in contact regardless, and
I hope you answer

[Outro]
That last verse was about this girl. Ha ha



[Intro]
I gotta get out of here, this city’s gonna kill me
Could be anywhere
Anywhere but here
I wonder how long before this shit gone take me under

[Verse 1]
Moving through New York City in a black seven fifty
Like Batman movin through Gotham
Dodging pot holes as I gently move through Harlem with my wheels on slalom
Pain in my eyes as I'm passing the place
Where they found Sean Bell and they shot him (Queens)
Forty one times, he committed no crime
But I guess life ain't Times Square
But in the city that’s gritty where the bottom lives shitty
And the mayor’s a billionaire
You learn Manhattan keep on making it
And Brooklyn, keep on taking it
Cause life just ain't that fair
For the kids in the park, watching out for the Narcs
Blowing Sour Diesel in the air
Tryin' to flip them a pack, stack up a couple racks
And make it the hell outta here… (New York)

[Hook]
Let the city peel away right from under you
There are too many ghosts in this town
I can hear them calling out to me, out to me, out to me
I can hear them calling out

[Bridge]
Let the city peel away
There were too many ghosts in this town
I can hear them calling out to me, out to me!

[Verse 2]
I maneuver through the ATL in a black SL
With the goddess of a black female
This is black male Heaven with the ballers are professing
But to me home feels like Hell
Even though it’s black top from the mayor to the cops
Black blood still gets spilled
They raided a house, no drugs were ever found
But a black grandmother laid killed
Like the dream of the King when the sniper took his life
On the balcony of Lorraine Motel
From now forthward, these young black boys
Seem to self-sabotage they selves
Or maybe they're just smart, and they choose to go hard
Cause they know the good guy will fail
So you ask what happens to a dream deferred
Langston, well it kills itself... (Atlanta)

[Hook]
Let the city peel away right from under you
There are too many clouds in the sky
I can hear them calling out to me
I can hear them calling out
Anywhere but here



[Chorus: André 3000]
Even the sun goes down, heroes eventually die
Horoscopes often lie, and sometimes "y"
Nothin' is for sure, nothin' is for certain, nothin' lasts forever
But until they close the curtain (y'all know), it's him and I: Aquemini

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Now is the time to get on, like Spike Lee said, "Get on the Bus"
Go get your work and keep your beeper chirpin', it's a must
Is you on that dust or cornstarch? Familiar with that smack, man?
The music is like that green stuff provided to you by sack man
Pacman, how in the fuck do you think we gon' do that, man?
Ridin' round Old National on 18's without no gat, man
I'm strapped, man, and ready to bust on any nigga like that, man
Me and my nigga we roll together like Batman and Robin
We prayed together through hard times and swung hard when it was fitting
But now we tappin' the brakes from all them corners that we be bending
In Volkswagens and Bonnevilles, Chevrolets and Coupe de Villes
If you ain't got no rims, nigga, don't get no wood grain steering wheel
For real, you can go on chill out and still build, let your paper stack
Instead of going into overkill, pay your fuckin' beeper bill, bitch

[Chorus: André 3000]
Even the sun goes down, heroes eventually die
Horoscopes often lie, and sometimes "y"
Nothin' is for sure, nothin' is for certain, nothin' lasts forever
But until they close the curtain, it's him and I: Aquemini

[Verse 2: André 3000]
Twice upon a time, there was a boy who died
And lived happily ever after, but that's another chapter
Live from home of the brave with dirty dollars
And beauty parlors and baby ballers and bowling ball Impalas
And street scholars, majoring in culinary arts
You know, how to work bread, cheese, and dough
From scratch, but see the catch is you can get caught
Know what ya selling, what you bought, so cut that big talk
Let's walk to the bridge, meet me halfway
Now you may see some children dead off in the pathway
It's them poor babies walkin' slowly to the candy lady
It's lookin' bad, need some hope, like the words 'maybe', 'if', or 'probably'
More than a hobby, when my turntables get wobbly, they don't fall
I'm sorry y'all, I often drift, I'm talking gift
So when it comes you never look the horse inside its grill
Of course you know I feel like the bearer of bad news
Don't want to be it but it's needed, so what have you?
Now question: is every nigga with dreads for the cause?
Is every nigga with golds for the fall? Naw
So don't get caught up in appearance
It's OutKast's Aquemini, another black experience

[Chorus: André 3000]
Even the sun goes down, heroes eventually die
Horoscopes often lie, and sometimes "y"
Nothin' is for sure, nothin' is for certain, nothin' lasts forever
But until they close the curtain, it's him and I: aquemini

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
The name is Big Boi, Daddy Fat Sax, the nigga that like them Cadillacs
I stay down with these streets 'cause these streets is where my folks at
Better know dat, some say we pro-black, but we professional
We missed a lot of church so the music is our confessional
Get off the testicles and the nutsacks, you bust rhyme, we bust back
Get-get back for real niggas that's out here tryin' to spit facts
You hear dat? You can't come near dat, maybe you need to quit
Because Aquemini is Aquarius and Gemini runnin' shit like this

[Verse 4: André 3000]
My mind warps and bends, floats the wind, count to ten
Meet the twin—André Ben, welcome to the lion's den
Original skin, many men comprehend
I extend myself so you go out and tell a friend
Sin all depends on what you believing in
Faith is what you make it—that's the hardest shit since MC Ren
Alien can blend right on in with your kin
Look again, 'cause I swear I spot one every now and then
It's happening again, wish I could tell you when
André, this is André, y'all are just gon' have to make amends

[Chorus: André 3000]
Even the sun goes down, heroes eventually die
Horoscopes often lie, and sometimes "y"
Nothin' is for sure, nothin' is for certain, nothin' lasts forever
But until they close the curtain, it's him and I: Aquemini

[Skit: André 3000]
Master: Finally, Igor! We've done it, we've done it!
Igor: Yes, master! Yes, master!
Master: Igor, we've done it!
Unison: Uh-oh
(Woman Screaming)



[Intro: Kanye West]
I don't know why niggas tripping on a nigga
For clippers, I hate you niggas too
But I'm black and Mexican, we gon' change that, haha
I hate you niggas too!

[Hook: Kanye West]
If you ain't had good pussy, nigga, try some
Your girl ain't got no ass, she need to buy one
Out west, Southwest, where you fly from
New Jersey, Teterboro where I fly from
You ain't got no Ghost, you need to drive one
That bitch is so broke, try to find some
And she ain't got no money, tryna find some
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
You still owe me money, nigga, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: French Montana]
Got a bad bitch at build-a-body
Get a bad bitch and build a body
When your pop, the slim nigga shady
When your pop was Slim, I was Baby
I came for them chips like I'm K.D
Came for them bricks like I'm Maisie
We hit up the trap which is booming
Hustle, French John Newman
Fuck making the move, we the movie
Fuck the whole group, I'm a groupie
All that money rolling through the lobby
VVS is dripping off my body
You can do what you want when you got it
Go get a bitch and then build her body
They wanted Versace Milan
We do what we want and then copy
Smack a Roley on my arm
Skrrr, middle fingers to the feds
Put a hundred dollars on your head
Price of life hit you
And all my dawgs gotta eat
And all the money get divided
Snipe game be the wildest
Get a bad bitch, build her body
Get a bad bitch, build her body, haan

[Hook: Kanye West]
If you ain't had good pussy, nigga, try some
Your girl ain't got no ass, she need to buy one
Out west, Southwest, where you fly from
New Jersey, Teterboro where I fly from
You ain't got no Ghost, you need to drive one
That bitch is so broke, try to find some
And she ain't got no money, tryna find some
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
You still owe me money, nigga, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2: Cam'ron]
Harlem to the death, I'mma forever front
A problem with the kid is what you never want
That's what you want, I had my niggas waiting for you
Like you sitting at a table in a restaurant
Slice you like pizza, I keep six in the squeezer
My jewelry is nice, dressing is iced
It's how you can sit in the freezer
Keep my dick in the diva, word, no problem licking it either
Baby girl could be a believer, we could just kick it like FIFA
All the women heavy like pallbearer
That Henney got that cake like Carvel
Carvel, me, I'mma die
Inside the pussy, man, I know just how Lamar felt
My bitch sit on me flat without no tummy tuck
She no stripper but all she do is pick money up
Five-o called me over, word to my homie, I ain't tell 'em shit
He seemed aggy, so all I did was tell him this

[Hook: Kanye West]
If you ain't had good pussy, nigga, try some
Your girl ain't got no ass, she need to buy one
Out west, Southwest, where you fly from
New Jersey, Teterboro where I fly from
You ain't got no Ghost, you need to drive one
That bitch is so broke, try to find some
And she ain't got no money, tryna find some
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
I swear these bitches funny, hahaha
Hahaha, hahaha
You still owe me money, nigga, yeah, yeah



[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Well it's the M-I-crooked letter, ain't no one better
And when I'm on the microphone you best to wear your sweater
Cause I'm cooler than a polar bear's toenails
"Oh hell, there he go again talking that shit"
Bend, corners like I was a curve, I struck a nerve
And now you 'bout to see this Southern playa serve
I heard it's not where you're from but where you pay rent
Then I heard it's not what you make but how much you spent
You got me bent like elbows, amongst other things, but I'm not worried
Cause when we step up in the party; like a mouse, you scurry
So go get your fucking shine box and your sack of nickels
It tickles to see you try to be like Mr. Pickles
Daddy Fat Sax, B-I-G B-O-I
It's that same motherfucka that took them knuckles to your eye
And I try, to warn you not to test but you don't listen
Giving the shout-out to my Uncle Darnell locked up in prison

[Hook]
Now throw your hands in the air
And wave 'em like you just don't care
And if you like fish and grits and all that pimp shit
Everybody let me hear you say, "O-Yea-yer"
Now throw your hands in the air
And wave 'em like you just don't care
And if you like fish and grits and all that pimp shit
Everybody let me hear you say, "O-Yea-yer"

[Verse 2: Andre 3000]
Now, my oral illustration be like clitoral stimulation
To the female gender, ain't nothing better
Let me know when it's wet enough to enter
If not I'll wait, because the future of the world depends on
If or if not the child we raise gon' have that nigga syndrome
Or will it know to beat the odds regardless of the skin tone?
Or will it feel that if we tune it, it just might get picked on?
Or will it give a fuck about what others say and get gone?
They alienate-us cause we different keep your hands to the sky
Like Sounds of Blackness when I practice what I preach ain't no lie
I'll be the baker and the maker of the piece of my pie
Now breaker, breaker 10-4 can I get some reply?
Now everybody say

[Hook]
Now throw your hands in the air
And wave 'em like you just don't care
And if you like fish and grits and all that pimp shit
Everybody let me hear you say, "O-Yea-yer"
Now throw your hands in the air
And wave 'em like you just don't care
And if you like fish and grits and all that pimp shit
Everybody let me hear you say, "O-Yea-yer"

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
Every day I sit while my nigga be in school
Thinking about the second album at the Dungeon shooting pool
Like E-S to the P-N, cause we adjust to the beat in the zone (zone)
Honey, I'm home but I'm not married
Carried a lot of problems around being frustrated
And now I'm sitting at the end of the month I just made it
Like you made the B team, and like your daddy's wife you making that coffee
You heard the ATLiens, so back the hell up off me

[Verse 4: Andre 3000]
Softly as if I played piano in the dark
Found a way to channel my anger now to embark
The world's a stage and everybody's got to play their part
God works in mysterious ways so when he starts
The job of speaking through us we be so sincere with this here
No drugs or alcohol so I can get the signal clear as day
Put my Glock away I got a stronger weapon
That never runs out of ammunition so I'm ready for war okay

[Hook]
Now throw your hands in the air
And wave 'em like you just don't care
And if you like fish and grits and all that pimp shit
Everybody let me hear you say, "O-Yea-yer"
Now throw your hands in the air
And wave 'em like you just don't care
And if you like fish and grits and all that pimp shit
Everybody let me hear you say, "O-Yea-yer"



[Verse 1: Hodgy Beats]
Life after death, death after life
Made mistakes before, I swear I wasn't gonna do it twice
You love me and it wouldn't change
So I'm by myself which will remain the same
And it was just one girl who left me sprung
And it was just one girl who had me going dumb
And it was just one girl who was where I was from
Gave me her feelings and I left that bitch with none

[Verse 2: Tyler the Creator]
I was in love, but I jumped out quick
Gave her my heart, she broke it, put it in the bucket
On another level I'm bitter, I wanted to keep her
But now this shit is coming out your speaker
Wish that you could meet her
But she's chopped up in my freezer
By the mixed vegetables, I'll eat her
Looking in the iris, I knew she was lying
Cuz she wasn't crying, laughing
So I starting grabbing
And she started gasping for air
She told me the truth, I didn't care
The dead made me win
And her death made me grin
Like a mouth with a side of nipples and limbs
This the end, yeah
Potatoes and grits on the plate of her
I should have stayed away from her
But she cheated
And now she's in my freezer bleeding
Her parents looking for her, good luck
You dirty bitch

[Verse 3: Tyler the Creator]
Met the bitch, tied the bitch up
And then I ate her up because she want to go and fuck my cousin up
Nigga's balls in the room and now this bitch is mad at me cause I made a song with autotune with my nigga G
She looking at me all mad and all sad
But now I'm glad that she's wrapped up in that Glad bag
And that shit's all black and I'm wearing all black
And now she mad cause I found out she was fucking, sucking other niggas
Busting, cumming, running, here I'm coming with a motherfucking knife and now I'm gunning
And now this bitch is screaming for help, yelp, dealt, the motherfucking card that she dealt
But that's her fucking fault, I don't give a fuck
I fucking more, she fucking one and now these cases that I caught
Shit, but I ain't even fucking tripping
I need a new chick, I'm sick of dealing with these bitches

[Outro]
In the club, niggas in the club



I know this group and they're so avantcore
I bought their shit at the mom and pop store
And I give all of their songs the top score
I'll see them play on their small hip-hop tour
They're treated like sex symbols, out the stretch-limos
Autographing breasts with lead pencils
Now everybody thinks that they're the best new group
As if they're a pop band test tube fluke
They bought a home that's the size of a ballpark
You can only cross the property with a golf cart
But they no longer can sell a billion records
Because when they first weren't trying was their last brilliant effort

Rappers say the darndest things that you'll ever hear
Like "I heard you sold this many units" and I say "wish me better luck next year"

There seems to be too much water pressure
Underneath your genre-mesh blur
And to be honest I never took interest
In the modern day Young Black Teenagers
I'd thought they'd gone away replacing
What's on gun racks with cheese graters
To use on the spongy mind
Of the LA rapper swinging from a monkey vine
Style biting used to result in a money fine, but now

Rappers say the darnedest things that you'll ever hear
Like I'm edgy and I'm risque and I say better luck next year

I replied to the wuss with a yo mama's joke
When he said how much he pushed the envelope
A group of sexually ambivalent nihilists
Crying from an ovarian cyst
Picking at a vegetarian dish
Idolizing a German band that barely exists
But me, my name's never on the full-color flyer
I'm just the dull Busdriver
Thinking 'til my head is a bowl of dust fibers
To all the fools up under their trucker hats
Sagging until you can see their plumber's cracks
There is no metaphorical meaning
So don't bother sifting through the storyboard in one seating
It's just horribly demeaning
And you can't do burners
I want the colors back
Don't want to hear your dumb ideas
Just shut your trap
Jumping jacks thunder claps in your bubble gum raps

Rappers say the darnedest things that you'll ever hear
Like "I did a song with so-and-so and I got signed" but the checks will never clear



[Verse 1]
You don't need me to ever write
I read your last message at least 1000 times
At least 1000, at least 1000 times
Alright, alright, alright
Why did you ever listen to
People trying to hate on you
At least you know that's nothing new
Stop everything you're doing now
'Cause baby, you're awesome
So awesome
You look too good to be at work
You feel too good to ever hurt
I hope you ready for tonight
I'm gon cook, you'll be dessert
You can't be still
You gotta move, you gotta dance
I gotta live, I gotta love
I got a hope, I got a chance
Cause baby, you're awesome
You don't need to listen to your manager
You're way too hot for them to handle you
Baby, not for nothing
I know you're looking for something
And I've got it
Why you fallin' on me
Cause I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Stop everything you're doing now
Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park
You're so after dark
You're so sleepless nights, oh you feel so right
Oh, you nnannanaa
I know you must be tired
From running through my mind
Can I come inside?
Cause baby you're awesome
Also, I'm also awesome, also
I'm also awesome
Y'all know
And I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Stop everything you're doing now
Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park, you're so after time
You're so breaking ?, oh it feels so right



[Verse 1]
I, you don't need, need to ever write
I read your last message at least a thousand times
At least a thousand, least a thousand times
Alright, alright, alright
Why would you ever listen to people tryna hate on you
At least you know there's nothing new

[Chorus 1]
Stop everything you're doing now
Cause baby, you're awesome
So awesome
You look too good to be at work
You feel too good to ever hurt
I hope you're ready for tonight
I'm gon' cook, you'll be dessert
You can't be still
I gotta move, I gotta dance
I gotta live, I gotta love
I gotta hope, I got a chance
Cause baby, you're awesome

[Verse 2]
You don't need to listen to your manager
You're way too hot for them to handle you
Baby, not for nothing, I know you're lookin' for somethin'
And I got it, why you frontin' on me?

[Refrain]
Cause I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new

[Chorus]
Stop everything you're doing now
Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park
You're so after dark
You're so sleepless nights, oh you feel so right

[Bridge]
You're so freakin' tight
I know you must be tired
Of running through my mind
Can I come inside?
Cause baby I'm awesome, also
I'm also awesome, also
I'm also awesome, y'all know

[Refrain]
Cause I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new

[Chorus]
Stop everything you're doing now
Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park
You're so after dark
You're so sleepless nights, oh you feel so right



[Verse 1]
I was 16 when we first laid eyes
Scrawny little fucker, yeah, I was that guy
And you was down for the weekend
I was down for the greetings
And you eyes the same color shit that Jasper be chiefing
Couple freckles on ya noses, roses made you blush
Gentleman I was like I wasn't tryna fuck
But it was my first offical date so I was stuck, like
It was past curfew, and we was at the Grove
And it was raining, and I had to be home
And then you grab my hand, talking about tryna get home safe or something
All I remember was your motherfucking face

[Hook]
I play in your hair as you rub on my ears
Then we awkwardly stare until our lips locked
Then we awkwardly stared because our lips locked
Now it's awkward in here because our lips locked
Feels like i’m floating in air
Can't believe that this dare turned into a reality when our lips locked
Man, this feels like a dream because our lips locked
You officially put my feelings inside a Ziplock bag

[Verse 2]
You gotta a nigga sprung, whenever I’m holding your hand and
Making eye contact I feel like the damn man
Cause even though I am and get round of applauses
I’m insecure and start to think that I do not stand chance
But, moments, wish that I can own it or lease it or clone it
Cause holding your fingertips is golden
I fucking love you, now treat my palms like a bowling ball and
Grip and keep holding on girl

[Hook]
I play in your hair as you rub on my ears
Then we awkwardly stare until our lips locked
Then we awkwardly stared because our lips locked
Now it's awkward in here because our lips locked
Feels like i’m floating in air
Can't believe that this dare turned into a reality when our lips locked
Man, this feels like a dream because our lips locked
You officially put my feelings inside a Ziplock bag

[Verse 3]
You got a nigga...Wait
Don't think this is going to work
Things got complicated and a couple feelings got hurt
I haven’t talked to you in a couple of days
I got too comfortable
And started to think that we was really a couple
But hey, (fuck you) at least there was time spent
But by the time you hear this you won't know what these rhymes meant
But when you realize, its awkward, your name still my password
So I’m always fucking reminded
You got a nigga sprung

[Outro: Tyler & Frank Ocean]
You're my girlfriend.. you're my girl (whether you like it or not!)
You're my girl.. you're my girlfriend, you're my girl girlfriend
You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my girl (Shit I know that you're my)
You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my girlfriend
You're my girl.. oooo
You're my, you're my Girl
Ooooo girlfriend... girlfriend..
You're my girlfriend you're my girl girlfriend you're my girl
You're my girlfriend



[Intro: André 3000]
One, two
One, two, three, yeah!

[Verse 1: Andre 3000]
Inslumnational, underground
Thunder pounds when I stomp the ground (woo)
Like a million elephants and silverback orangutans, you can't stop a train
Who want some? Don't come unprepared
I'll be there, but when I leave there
Bet I be a household name
Weather man tellin' us it ain't gon' rain
So now we sittin' in a drop-top, soakin' wet
In a silk suit, tryin' not to sweat
Hit somersaults without the net
But this'll be the year that we won't forget
(1-9-9-9) Anno Domini, anything goes, be what you wanna be
Long as you know consequences are given for livin', the fence is
Too high to jump in jail
Too low to dig, I might just touch hell—hot
Get a life, now they on sale, then I might cast you a spell
Look at what came in the mail
A scale and some Arm and Hammer
Soul gold grill and a baby mama
Black Cadillac and a pack of Pampers
Stack of questions with no answers
Cure for cancer, cure for AIDS
Make a nigga wanna stay on tour for days
Get back home, things are wrong
Well, not really, it was bad all along
Before you left adds up to a ball of power
Thoughts at a thousand miles per hour
Hello, ghetto, let your brain breathe
Believe there's always more, ah!

[Hook: André 3000 + Morris Brown College Gospel Choir]
Don't pull the thang out, unless you plan to bang
Bombs over Baghdad!
Yeah, don't even bang unless you plan to hit something
Bombs over Baghdad!
Don't pull the thang out, unless you plan to bang
Bombs over Baghdad!
Yeah, don't even bang unless you plan to hit something
Bombs over Baghdad!

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Uno, dos, tres, it's on
Did you ever think a pimp rock a microphone?
Like that there boy and will still stay street
Big things happen every time we meet
Like a track team, crack fiend, dyin' to geek
OutKast bumping up and down the street
Slantback, Cadillac, 'bout 5 niggas deep
75 MC's freestyling to the beat
'Cause we get crunk, stay drunk, at the club
Should have bought an ounce, but you copped a dub
Should have held back, but you throwed a punch
Supposed to meet your girl but you packed a lunch
No D to the U to the G for you
Got a son on the way by the name of Bamboo
Got a little baby girl four year, Jordan
Never turn my back on my kids for them
Should have hit it, quit it, rag top
Before you re-up, get a laptop
Make a business for yourself, boy, set some goals
Make a fat diamond out of dusty coals
Record number four, but we on a roll
Hold up, slow up, stop, "Control"
Like Janet, plan it, Stankonia's on ya
Moving like Floyd, coming straight to Florida
Lock all your windows then block the corridors
Pulling off a belt 'cause a whipping's in order
Like a three-piece fish 'fore I cut your daughter
Yo quiero Taco Bell, then I hit the border
Pitty pat rappers trying to get to 5
I'm a microphone fiend tryin' to stay alive
When you come to ATL, boy, you better not hide
'Cause the Dungeon Family gon' ride, hah!

[Hook: André 3000 + Morris Brown College Gospel Choir]
Don't pull the thang out, unless you plan to bang
Bombs over Baghdad!
Yeah, Don't even bang unless you plan to hit something
Bombs over Baghdad!
Don't pull the thang out, unless you plan to bang
Bombs over Baghdad!
Yeah, Don't even bang unless you plan to hit something
Bombs over Baghdad!

[Morris Brown College Gospel Choir]
Bombs over Baghdad!
Bombs over Baghdad!
Bombs over Baghdad!
Bombs over Baghdad!

[Outro: André 3000 + Morris Brown College Gospel Choir]
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Bob your head, rag top
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival



[Produced by Mark Ronson]

[Intro: Action Bronson]
Heartbreak drowned sorrows in a large steak

[Hook: Action Bronson]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a bitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl I'm blue

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Because you treat me like shit
I paid for the bed and never even slept in it
I paid for that crib I never stepped foot in
And now somebody else is eating all the pudding
Things change, now my dashboard wooden
All black Benz, like a young Doc Gooden
Dark shades, cause I'm stone crazy
Girl, we grown, stop playing on my phone, baby
All your childish attempts to make me angry fall short
Which only fuels the rage you have, because you have nothing
Understandable, I'm shining brilliant with five Brazilians
There were times I used to hide my feelings
Now I'm butt naked in the Lamborghini
And motherfuckers can't see me
Wait 'til this chick see me on TV, I make the shit look easy
Who would've thought I hit you right back?

[Hook: Action Bronson]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a bitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl I'm blue

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
So many women wanna call me baby
And you wonder why the fuck that I ain't call you lately
Some would say that I'm the symbol for sex and uh
Others would hate, but I don't give 'em no breath
Go on a date, I'm at the crib with the chef and uh, that's me
And you could order whatever
The specialty is white snake and underwear sauce
You could probably catch me somewhere where the sun is next
And I understand that's only cause I'm popular
I'm getting topped off in the front row of the opera
As Bocelli sings the celly rings
I gotta go, you'll never know how good it feels to lay in bed with king
I'm not exactly flawless, but I'm gorgeous, just like a horse is
I know the thought of me succeeding makes a lot of people nauseous
Still I'm on the back of the boat taking pictures with the swordfish

[Hook: Action Bronson]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a bitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl I'm blue

[Verse 3: Chance The Rapper]
I hope you get a paper cut on your tongue
From a razor in a paper cup
I hope every soda you drink already shaken up
I hope your dreams dry like raisins in the baking sun
I hope your titties all saggy in your early 20's
I hope there's always snow in your driveway
I hope you never get off Fridays
And you work at a Friday's that's always busy on Fridays
I hope you win the lottery and lose your ticket
I hope it's Ben and Socrates poop all up in your kitchen
I hope the zipper on your jacket get stuck
And your headphones short, and your charger don't work
And you spill shit on your shirt
I hope your tears don't hurt, and I can smile in your face
Cut my losses, how Delilah changed my locks to a fade
I hope you happy, I hope you happy
I hope you ruined this shit for a reason, I hope you happy (igh!)

[Hook: Action Bronson]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a bitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl I'm blue

[Outro: Chance The Rapper + Zane Lowe]
La la la la



[Verse 1: André 3000]
I came into this world high as a bird
From second hand cocaine powder
I know it sounds absurd
I never tooted but it's in my veins
While the rest of the country bungies off bridges
Without no snap back
And bitches they say they need that
To shake they fannies in the ass clubs
They go the other route
Turn each other out
Burn each other out
Where a bona fide nigga like me
Can't even get no back rub these days
Ain't that bleak on they part
But let me hold it down, 'cause they shut you down
When you speak from your heart
Now that's hard
While we ranting and raving 'bout gats
Nigga, they made them gats
They got some shit that'll blow out our backs
From where they stay at

[Hook]
Ooooh, I fear the battle's just begun
Ooooh, though we're here someday we will be gone
So I'm hoping, wishing, praying
To keep my faith in you, in you, in you

[Verse 2: André 3000]
I'm fascinated by the way yo
Nipples peak at me through yo blouse
Freaky me, freaky you
Can't help but be aroused
'Scuse me, Lord lustful thinking
But that's the way we was brought up
Sneaking to watch Playboy at night
We all must be caught up in worldly ways
Chemistry between boys and girls
Is a lot like when we went to the woods
And laid with the squirrels
During P.E., we'd be
Exploring each others privates
Hunching with all our clothes on
Until we felt excited then, aaaah
Oh, now it's on from here on out
Put yo hands in the atmosphere
If you know what I'm talking about
Now if too harsh then walk on out
And I'll see you on the next song
They call it horny
Because it's devilish
Now see, we dead wrong

[Hook]
Ooooh, I fear the battle's just begun
Ooooh, though we're here someday we will be gone
So I'm hoping, wishing, praying
To keep my faith in you, in you, in you

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
People don't know the stress I'm dealing with day to day
Speaking about the feeling I'm possessing for Renee
Moping around and wondering where she stay
Saw her last that she lay
Give it another day, I say
But the Lord, he taketh away
Now give it back, lawd
'Cause that's like backboards without the rims
Me and my auntie was tight like Southwest
Before the pinks moved in
Like the niggas who owned the liquor store
Crack cocaine, pimps and whores
Living up on this earth
Before a nigga like daddy was born
But they be making it seem
That my music and crime are a team
But I'm speaking the truth not dreams
So what in the fuck they mean
My lyrics ain't clean

[Hook/Outro]
Ooooh, I fear the battle's just begun
Ooooh, though we're here someday we will be gone
So I'm hoping, wishing, praying
To keep my faith in you, in you
Ooooh, I fear the battle's just begun
Ooooh, though we're here someday we will be gone
So I'm hoping, wishing, praying
To keep my faith in you, in you
Ooooh, I fear the battle's just begun
Ooooh, though we're here someday we will be gone
So I'm hoping, wishing, praying
To keep my faith in you, my faith in you, my faith in you
My faith in you, my faith in you, my faith in you, my faith in you
My faith—



[Verse 1]
Alright it's Childish baby, Mr. Talk-About-His-Dick-Again
Nerdy-ass black kid, whatever, man, I'm sick of him
That well-spoken token, who ain't been heard
The only white rapper who's allowed to say the N-word
I buy a bunch of 'em and put it on my black card
Now I got some street cred, use it 'til it's maxed out
I got a girl on my arm, dude, show respect
Something crazy and Asian, Virginia Tech
She too fine, I do dimes
If not that, I'm walking out with two fives
Change my ID for the cops, it's not enough yet
Black male in short shorts, I'm double suspect
Ballin' since '83, half of 'em say he gay
Maybe that's the reason I like Lady What-babies-say
I'm a problem, I'm lame as fuck homie
But I rap like these niggas ain't got shit on me
Fuck the cool kids, not Chuck Inglish
But people who think that hatin on me makes them distinguished
Like, "What is this nigga doin? Rap is for real blacks
I hate that fucking faggot, man, he think that we feel that"
Or "I wrote on rape culture my junior year at Brown
So I'm allowed to say what all his raps are about"
You better shut your mouth before I fuck it
You really hate my lyrics now or Kid Cudi's? Nigga

[Hook]
Runnin this thang, money insane
Busy getting brain like Krang
What, what's my name?
In the woods, got these niggas usin' Mapquest
Man, fuck a backpacker

[Verse 2]
Niggas with OCD, N-W-O
All white like my clothes, CW shows
Nigga got signed, it's an anomaly
No cosign: trigonometry
Man these niggas hate me
"Man, fuck you nigga...fuck you nigga!"
They real black like won't show up on your camera phone
They real black like turn the flash on your camera on
They real black take shit, turn it into gold
I'm real black I survive when the pressure on
Upper echelon, bit my lip when I'm kissin' her
Clash of the Titans, baby your tits is titular
Listenin to some Kiss FM, she wanna hear Nicki Minaj
"Super Bass," super face inside a garage
It's not a massage, spa rap with a happy ending
Old niggas wanna assassinate me
It's a shame, these kids was supposed to save rap
Fuck that, boat shoes and a wave cap
He don't give back, how the fuck a nigga say that?
Summer in November I gave everyone a Maybach
Comin' on that payback, comin' on that mace took
I'm comin' on that real shit, I'm comin' on her Facebook
Fuck a backpacker with a rhino's dick
I do me like a gyno chick, uh

[Hook]
Runnin this thang, money insane
Busy getting brain like Krang
What, what's my name?
In the woods, got these niggas usin' Mapquest
Man, fuck these backpackers
Fuck these backpackers
Fuck these backpackers
Fuck these backpackers



[Intro]
Oh man
Oh man, oh man
Not again

[Verse]
Yeah, I learned the game from William Wesley, you can never check me
Back to back for the niggas that didn't get the message
Back to back, like I'm on the cover of Lethal Weapon
Back to back, like I'm Jordan '96, '97
Whoa—very important and very pretentious
When I look back, I might be mad that I gave this attention
Yeah, but it's weighin' heavy on my conscience
Yeah, and fuck, you left The Boy no options
I wanna see my niggas go insane
You gon' make me step out of my fuckin' frame
You gon' make me buy bottles for Charlamagne
You gon' make me go out of my fuckin' way
I waited four days, nigga, where y'all at?
I drove here in the Wraith playin' AR-AB
I'm not sure what it was that really made y'all mad
But I guess this is what I gotta do to make y'all rap
I mean woah, can't fool the city, man, they know what's up
Second floor at Tootsies, gettin' shoulder rubs
This for y'all that think that I don't write enough
They just mad ‘cause I got the Midas touch
You love her, then you gotta give the world to her
Is that a world tour or your girl's tour?
I know that you gotta be a thug for her
This ain't what she meant when she told you to open up more
Yeah, trigger fingers turn to Twitter fingers
Yeah, you gettin' bodied by a singin' nigga
I'm not the type of nigga that'll type to niggas
And shout-out to all my boss bitches wifin' niggas
Make sure you hit him with the prenup
Then tell that man to ease up
I did another one, I did another one
You still ain't did shit about the other one
I got the drink in me going back to back
Yeah, going back to back
I got the drink in me going back to back
Yeah, I'm going back to back
I don't wanna hear about this ever again
Not even when she tell him that they better as friends
Not even when you saying, "Drizzy, tell 'em again!"
I been puttin' on a show, it was a sell-out event
Oh, you need better seatin'
I didn't wanna do it, gave me every reason
The point I'm tryin' to make is I don't ever need 'em
Seen what you’d do for fame, what would you do for freedom?
Please, check 'em for a wire or a earpiece
Please, please do not let these niggas near me
Please, think before you come for the great one
Please, who's a real nigga and who ain't one?
Please, somebody stop me
I'm talkin' boasy and gwanin wassy
I got the fest in five days and it's my shit
Soon as a nigga hit the stage, they gon'...
They gon' ask if I can play this shit back to back
Yeah, they want it back to back
They gon' ask if I can play this shit back to back
I took a break from Views, now it's back to that, nigga (Six)

[Produced by Daxz, additional production by Noah "40" Shebib and Drake]



[Verse 1]
Didn't you know, I was waiting on you
Waiting on a dream that'll never come true
Didn't you know, I was waiting on you
My face turned to stone when I heard the news
When you decide to break the rules

[Refrain]
'Cause I just heard some real bad news

[Verse 2]
People'll talk like it's old news
I played it off and act like I already knew
Let me ask you how long have you known dude
You played it off and act like he's brand new
When you decide, to break the rules

[Refrain]
'Cause I just heard some real bad news
Real bad news
Real bad news
Real bad news

[Bridge]
Oh, you just gon' keep another no you won't
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
Oh, you just gon' keep another love for you
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
While I'm waiting on a dream that'll never come true
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
My face turned to stone when I heard the news

[Outro]
What's on the news?
Channel cruise



[Intro]
Yo, fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Nah Right
And any other fuck-nigga-ass blog that can't put an 18 year old nigga
Making his own fucking beats, covers, videos and all that shit
Fuck you post-Drake-ass cliche-jerking, LA-slauson rapping
Fuck-nigga-ass Hypebeast niggas, now back to the album

[Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC]
Well, Tyler, hi, I'm Dr. TC and um, I'm guessing that your teacher sent you here to talk cause you were misbehaving
Um, it's gonna be three sessions: today, tomorrow, and the next day
So, just tell me something about yourself...
Well, look, if you don't talk, I mean, these sessions are going to go slower

[Verse 1]
This is what the devil plays before he goes to sleep
Some food for thought? This food for death, go ahead and fucking eat
My father's dead, well I don't know, we'll never fucking meet
I cut my wrist and play piano cause I'm so depressed
Somebody call the pastor, this bastard is so possessed
This meeting just begun, nigga I'm Satan's son

[Verse 2]
My mother raised me a single parent so it's apparent
That I got love for my mother, none of you other fuckers
Are much important I'm getting angrier while recording
I'm feeling like the bulls, I've got a gang of wolves
Odd Future is children that's fucked up in they mental
Simple but probably not, fuck them

[Verse 3]
I'm tall, dark, skinny, my ears are big as fuck
Drunk white girls the only way I'll get my dick sucked
Suspended from school, coolest nigga without effort
Easy to spot like black bitches with fake leopard
Soak me up in a tampon, but keep the lamp on
Cause this album pack enough evil
That you can't fit inside a Jansport, go to school with this

[Verse 4]
I go from AP to JC inside a fucking week
Waking up with random girls like "Yo, bitch, how the fuck we meet?"
I stay with grandma, she always bitching about her carpet
Every time I walk inside the house, she always tend to start shit
No to drugs I never spark it, I used to be bullied for honor classes
By those that were slow as molasses, take this shit to school

[Verse 5]
Raquel treat me like my father like a fucking stranger
She still don't know I made Sarah to strangle her
Not put her in danger and chop her up in the back of a Wrangler
All because she said no to homecoming, demons running
Inside my heads telling me evil thoughts
I'm the dream catcher but nothing but nightmares I caught, go to sleep

[Verse 6]
I wear green hats because I'm fortunately lucky
Fuck me the monster said, somehow the monster's dead
Inside of me, but the thoughts it tells me are still evil
With this state of mind, big moves, Max Keeble
I'm on my grind feeble, my music is either
A fucking sin or too illegal play this shit in church

[Verse 7]
I graduated without honors or fucking father
He died (I'm so sorry) No bitch, don't even fucking bother
I wanted a brother my mother I told her
But instead I got a sister, just like me with her mister nada
So both of our imaginations are creations of the fucking situation
That's having our brains racing like Dayton, wearing some fucking Heelys

[Verse 8]
I know you fucking feel me, I want to fucking kill me
But times I'm so serious, you think I'm silly
I'm doing Big Style Willy couldn't touch 11
Seven, what's religion nigga? I am legend
I roll with skaters and musicians with an intuition
I created O.F. cause I feel we're more talented
Than 40 year old rappers talking about Gucci
When they have kids they haven't seen in years, impressing their peers
With the same problem, the only way to solve them
Is to go to Father's Day convention with a gold revolver
Life's a salad, I'm a toss it, eat that shit up, Rick Ross it
Shit it out, bag it up, sell it, I'm so damn rebellious
Cause my mother let me do what I want
She wasn't careless, protective she is the bear
The shit is so bare, my diary isn't hid
My father didn't give a fuck, so it's something I inherit
My mom is all I have so it's never meet the parents
When Danielle or Milan decide to fucking share
This confused boy, I wanna hug hoy, I’m bad for you kids to listen to
Soy is not the choice, I'm bad milk, drink it

[Interlude: Dr. TC]
Whoa, umm, it seems you had a lot to say
Uh, who knows I might feel as I'm evaluating

[Verse 9]
My wrist is all red from the cutter
Dripping cold blood like the winter, the summer
Is never that's equivalent to me and Sarah
Well that's not her fucking name, but I think this shit is clever
My niggas wanna know if I'm fucking, if I'm kissing
But I'm sitting here downing beers simply just wishing
With a tear they try to tell me but I never listen
Cause I don't give a shit like sitting down pissing
Eighteen, still talking to imaginaries
Hopefully they see the talent I carry just like Jimmy
Losers can never win me, you can never offend me
My goal in life is a Grammy, hopefully momma will attend the
Ceremony with all my homies, I'm suicidal
This my Zombie Circus, I hope the majors heard this
Fuck a deal, I just want my father's email
So I can tell him how much I fucking hate him in detail

[Outro: Dr. TC]
Wow, umm, so Tyler if you had the chance to tell him something
What would you tell him?



Hit ya ass on the celly, 'cause I ain't got time
To be arguing with your ass, if you ain't really ready
Girl, why you never ready? For as long as you took
You better look like Halle Berry... Or Beyoncé
Shit, then we getting married
I brought sand to the beach 'cause my beach is better
You can keep ya beach 'cause that beach whatever
Started out at The Darby, ended up at 1 Oak
Left the house with 100 grand, ended up near broke
Don't get mad at me, I'm buying bucket after bucket
When it's gone I'm like "Fuck it"
I replace it with another one
Can't take this money with you
Burn this shit up like I'm Richard
Niggas asking "Is the oven on?"



[Interlude: bearface]
Hi, this is bearface and you're listening to Things We Lost in the Fire Radio, and uh... I'm waiting on, uh, pizza right now."



[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Yeezy, Ne-Yo, the remix ayo
I think it's time to hit 'em with the Mase flow
My uh, she was gettin the best of me
But oooh, child, you my destiny
And I know it's especially
Hard with all these girls just testing me
Uh, and you gon' question me
If she even stand next to me
But you should laugh, 'cause you my better half
And these girls just fighting over the rest of me (c'mon!)
Right now it feels so crazy
I know she just some lady
And my outfit is just so 80's
Not to mention McLaren Mercedes
And the 26 in-inch rim whee-eels
Look so good with your 6-inch heels
Fly shit that you be on
Gucci on, aligned by Louis Vuitton
And we high as the way we cruising on
High like I, like Mercury
Why do I mention the solar system?
Cause, you in my soul and system
And we gon' take her home with this one
I got something that you gon' like
You got something that I can't fight
We got something that we both gon' ride

[Bridge: Ne-Yo]
And I know this much is true
Baby, you have become my addiction, I'm so strung out on you
I can barely move but I like it

[Hook: Ne-Yo]
And it's all because of you
And it's all because of you
And it's all because of you
And it's all because...
Never get enough
She's the sweetest drug

[Verse 2: Ne-Yo]
Think of it every second, I can't get nothing done
Only concern is the next time, I'm gonna get me some
Know I should stay away from, cause it's no good for me
I try and try but my obsession won't let me leave

[Bridge: Ne-Yo]
I got a problem and I don't know what to do about it
Even if I did, I don't know if I would quit but I doubt it
I'm taken by the thought of it, and I know this much is true
Baby, you have become my addiction, I'm so strung out on you
I can barely move but I like it

[Hook: Ne-Yo]
And it's all because of you
And it's all because of you
And it's all because of you
And it's all because...
Never get enough
She's the sweetest drug

[Outro: Ne-Yo]
Ain't no doubt, so strung out
Ain't no doubt, so strung out
Over you, over you, over you
Because of you
And it's all because of you
Never get enough
She's the sweetest drug, she's the sweetest drug



RAP GENIUS NOTE: We suggest you first read this script on becausetheinter.net for the full authentic experience. This page is a tool for further exploration after the initial reading


Sdfg-FGSD: CODE: 12.10.13SIXTY
NOTE TO READER: The prelude to this screenplay ("clapping for the wrong reasons") is available on the website youtube for free consumption. It may or may not give CONTEXT TO this work you're reading

SECOND NOTE TO READER: The visuals have no sound. They are meant to be played while the song is playing

[VISUAL]

You can't live your life on a bus...

EXT. CHURCH PARKING LOT - DAY

A white bus opens its door and a flood of children run off laughing and screaming. After the initial burst, three girls get off laughing. After them, A
LITTLE BOY steps off. He's walking slow and somber

All the parents in the parking lot are hugging and kissing their kids. Lots of kids are laughing. The Boy keeps walking until he reaches a black limousine parked at the far end

A chauffeur (old heavyset white guy) stands holding the door open waiting for The Boy

       CHAUFFEUR: Ey! Look who it is

He holds out his hand for a high-five. The kid jumps, hi-fives him, and slides into the limo

The Boy's FATHER (Rick Ross) is sitting by the far door. The limo starts off

The Boy and his father sit in silence for what feels like 8 hours

       FATHER: How was camp?

The Boy "shrugs"

       FATHER (CONT'D): You make any friends?

       THE BOY: No

The father laughs under his breath...but the laugh turns into a smh

       FATHER: Elise made you something special tonight

       THE BOY: Frito pie

       FATHER: I don't know. She didn't say-

       THE BOY (cutting him off): It's Frito pie

Silence. Father stares at him, then looks out the window

EXT. MANSION - DAY

The Chauffeur helps Father out the car. The Boy jumps out and walks toward the front of his home. The Mansion is dope. Very Big, and not gaudy. It looks classic

INT. MANSION - DAY

An infinity pool lines the horizon in the backyard. A spiral staircase fades up the wall and into the master bedroom upstairs. You can see all of this from the foyer, which has a large Buddha statue in the center of it. The place is very clean. Someone seems to care or is paid to care

The Father's phone rings:

       FATHER: Hello

       PHONE VOICE: Hello, this is the Califax collection-

Father hangs up. His cell phone goes off

The Boy walks into the kitchen. It's a big kitchen. There's a chef making food. He waves to The Boy. The Boy throws up a deuce. He gets a s'more Pop tart, then walks back out

INT. BOY'S ROOM - DAY

The Boy walks in and drops his backpack and jacket in the doorway. He kicks off his shoes. They fly across the room, hit the wall, and fall in a pile of shoes on the ground. We see there's a big black/brown stain on the wall where The Boy's been kicking shoes for years. Doesn't look like he ever wears the same shoe twice

The Boy rips the bag of pop tarts open with his mouth as he sits at his desk and opens his laptop. There's a picture of a woman holding a child. She's wearing one of those fly tracksuits from 1995. The ones people wore a lot during the centennial Olympics

He starts checking his mail. His friend "FAM" sent him something that says "this is you" with a link. The Boy clicks the link and a video of a woman blowing a horse comes up. The Boy watches the video for longer than you should watch a horse blowing video. He closes the video

He goes onto HOTNEWHIPHOP.COM. There's a new Rich Homie Quan song out. It's listed as "VERY HOTTTTTTT". The Boy looks in the comment section, reading what people are saying

"This nigga sound like a broke-ass Future! [CRYING EMOJI]" is the top comment

The Boy stares. Then types "fuck u niggers" in the comments

He waits. He takes a bite out of his pop tart

He refreshes the page. People immediately respond with "Fuck U", "You wouldn't say that to my face faggot", and "LMFAO crackers b crazy"

The Boy smiles
...bec a use the in t e  rnet15 YEARS LATER

*******[PLAY SONG "CRAWL" AT THIS POINT]*******

INT. THE BOY'S ROOM - EARLY MORNING

The room is an elegant mess. There's shit everywhere, but everything has its place. Classic furniture; someone with old money would invest in, is used for the bed, desk, desk chair. You can see from where most of the trash accumulates that the occupant spends most of his time on the computer

There is a pile of stacked and flattened gummy bear wrappers by the desk. There's a picture of The Boy and his father on the boy's desk, along with a flash drive that has "hackz" written on it. A small vaporizer charges and glows green on the edge. There's a half ounce of weed in a plastic bag to the left of the laptop on the desk

There's a black and white Bill Withers poster, a Gorillaz "Demon Days" poster, and a "Black Dynamite" poster. All framed. Stacks of records are placed on a shelf lining the wall. There are some old 70's soul records by a record player on the shelf. Norman Connors "You Are My Starship" is the album on top of the others

Little hills of dirty clothes grow up the walls from the floor. Same pile of shoes is there. Wall with same dirty spot. The closet is filled with white shirts and flower shorts. There's one very old and tattered Shearling coat that hangs to the right

The Boy (more a man now) is sprawled out on his bed, no shirt and flower shorts. He opens one eye as very faint, dark orange sunlight from the blinds cut his face. He gets up

INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY

The Buddha statue again. There's empty old beer and Pellegrino bottles on the bar. The entire back of the living room wall is glass. The boy walks briskly to the kitchen

INT. KITCHEN - DAY

The kitchen is a slight mess. Things left out. S'mores makings left out. The marshmallows are hard as stones. The boy goes into the cabinet and pulls out a pop tart. He takes out a pop tart and throws it in the microwave, wrapper still on (you're not supposed to do that). He starts the microwave and begins texting someone. The microwave is okay for about 5 seconds, then blue sparks start to pop inside. He turns off the microwave, opens it, grabs the pop tart and tosses it on a plate

EXT. BACKYARD - EARLY MORNING

The Boy walks onto the little island in the middle of the infinity pool lining the oceans and mountains in the background. The mountains are surrounded by clouds. They're literally above the clouds. It's probably raining down there. There's an orchard with lemon and plums to the west of the wall outside, and a green statue of a golfer further in. Bunnies jump on the lawn in the background
The boy sits under a sun umbrella, opens the pop tart and starts to eat it. He looks off with his face flat. He gets a text message:

       FAM: when u wanna paddle out? [PURPLE DEVIL FACE EMOJI]

       The Boy texts back: pick me up

CUT TO:

EXT. MANSION FRONT DRIVEWAY - MORNING
An old, red (a gross red. a weak red) Mazda rolls up to the front of the mansion and sputters to a stop. FAM, steps out of the car. Daps up

       FAM: Let's take one of yours

       THE BOY: Nah

       FAM: Really, mane? You want us to drive around in my car? I don't think it'll make it, honestly. It broke down at my mom's. Plus... it looks like my car

       THE BOY: Right. It's inconspicuous

       FAM: My nigga, who are you hiding from? It's not stuttin. It's your car. Why do you even care?

"...why do you even care?"

       THE BOY: Aight

INT. GARAGE - MORNING

The garage door rises to reveal Fam and The Boy's silhouette. Five cars are in the garage. There's a Tesla Model S, Silver 911, some car no one's ever seen, a Tahoe and some car under a tarp. Looks like it could be an Aston Martin. Fam smiles

       FAM (pointing to the car no one's ever seen): That one-
       THE BOY: No
       THE BOY: The beamer

We didn't even see this one. It's in the far corner of the garage. It's a nice car. Older, but nice and sleek. Understated, to some. Its black paint is chipping in the front. Fam shakes his head

       FAM: Nah...nah

They get in the 911

CUT TO:

EXT. SANTA MONICA CONDOS - DAY

The 911 pulls up to a nice condo complex. Fam honks the horn for a while. Like a jerk

       SOMEONE FROM A WINDOW: I work nights, dickhead!

       FAM: I know. Fuck me, right?

Fam honks more
The Boy checks his Twitter feed. Twitter name "You Are Unimportant - @thegoldmolar" You can see from his feed he just trolls all the time. Politicians, athletes, entertainers, etc. His favorite was simply re-tweeting something someone says. When it was dumb enough to just re-tweet, that was his favorite. He'd gotten a lot of followers that way. Written an article once for a blog. Got more followers. He started posting videos of homeless people and fights
He was looking for something to retweet on his time-line. People say dumb shit all the time...
...someone tweeted "roscoe's wetsuit"

"...what's that?"

The Boy drops "roscoe's wetsuit" into Google. A Yahoo answer comes up for it. The answer to "what is roscoe's wetsuit?" is..."roscoe's wetsuit". Hilarious

SWANK, STEVE, MARCUS (Chance the Rapper), and AJ (STEFAN) walk out of the condo. They have longboards with them and they're eating candy. They stop in their tracks when they see the 911

       SWANK (re: boards): How we supposed to get these in there?

       FAM: You guys take your car

       STEVE: What about your boards? Where are they?

       FAM: Can we borrow some?

They all make a face

       SWANK: We need a bigger car then. I'mma drive to your house and get the Tahoe

       THE BOY: Come on, guys. This is taking forever

       AJ: Where we going?

       FAM: Dockweiler

       MARCUS: I swam into a diaper last time

       FAM: I'm GRIMEY. I ONLY SWIM IN DIRTY WATERS! YOU KNOW THIS!

       SOMEONE AGAIN: Shut the fuck up!

Fam honks the horn

       SWANK: I'm drivin that Porsche the way back. I know that shit

Swank and Steve walk toward their car parked on the street

       THE BOY: What's "roscoe's wetsuit" mean?

       FAM: I don't know

They drive off

EXT. DOCKWEILER BEACH - DAY

The guys carry the boards through the sand to ocean, making a strange pattern behind them

They setup camp and start changing on the beach

       MARCUS: I thought someone was bringing girls

       THE BOY: No one wants to get up this early

       MARCUS: Did you ask white girls?

       THE BOY: I asked every girl

       FAM: You a lie. You didn't ask anybody. You don't leave the house

       STEVE: Why white girls?

       MARCUS: Cause no one is getting up at 6AM to go into the freezing, dirty ass ocean, fuck up their hair-

At that moment, they all notice a girl sitting on her board in the ocean. Waiting for a wave she looks behind her. She is black

       MARCUS (CONT'D to AJ): See? This is what I mean about Donnie Darko happening to me

A plane flies low overhead. (Dockweiler is right next to LAX)

       MARCUS (CONT'D) (staring at the plane)
It's gonna crush me

       SWANK (re: girl): It's like seeing a mermaid

       STEVE: Maybe it's a manatee

       MARCUS (R. Kelly): I'mma flirt

Marcus runs to the water with his board. They all follow

EXT. OCEAN - MORNING

Marcus swims up to the girl on his board

       MARCUS: Sup

       GIRL: Hi

       MARCUS: I'm Marcus
       SASHA: Sasha
       MARCUS: It's lookin alright today
       SASHA (Australian accent): Yeah. It's the only reason I'm out here
       MARCUS: Oh, you're Australian (pause) You ever seen "Kangaroo Jack"?
       SASHA (not looking at him): Yeah
       MARCUS: Classic
       SASHA: ...wha?
       MARCUS (not mean...just serious): It's a fucking classic

Silence. Sasha is weirded out. All the guys, except The Boy, swim up

       STEVE (to Sasha. Out of breath): Hi. Did Marcus ruin it already?
       SASHA: Yes
Steve splashes Marcus
Swank takes a plastic bag with four blunts in it. He takes one out. He lights up a blunt. Talks with it hanging in his mouth

       SWANK: How long you been surfing?
       SASHA: Ten years. You?
       SWANK: Bouta month
AJ: Cops don't come out here. It's a good place to smoke. You want some?

He passes it. She takes a hit

       SWANK: What you doin tonight?
       SASHA: My friend's birthday in Santa Monica
       MARCUS: Yo, we're right around close. We're having a party tonight in a mansion. You should come. And if your friend's a girl or a guy who has weed, they should come too
       AJ: I'm Djing. I start off with Jodeci, then the switch over to 90's rap using "Dream Lover" to transition, play ACTUAL ATLANTA TRAP for an hour, hour and a half. Then motown, soul, and house. Girls. Go. Crazy
       SASHA: What's your DJ name?
       AJ: Twercules. no "DJ". Just Twercules. I got a tumblr where I post my mixes. It's getting pretty popular. I don't know. You sing? Model? Act?
       SASHA: I'mma go in

Sasha starts paddling and catches a wave into the beach

       AJ: I shouldn't have said "bitches"
       MARCUS (thinks): ...you didn't

AJ thinks on this. This is probably saying more about him than he realizes

EXT. BEACH - MORNING
Sasha carries her board onto the beach. The Boy is sitting there

       SASHA: You goin in?
       THE BOY: Don't know yet
       SASHA: Then why'd you put on your wetsuit?

...roscoe's wetsuit


       THE BOY: Everyone else was
       SASHA: That's an awful reason

She starts walking

       THE BOY: You should come to the party. It'll be fun. (then) They invited you, right?
       SASHA: Where is it?
       THE BOY: [EDIT]. Text me [EDIT]
       SASHA: I'll remember. I'll bring some friends

She walks off

Later that day:

*******[PLAY SONG "WORLDSTAR" AT THIS POINT]*******

EXT. I-10 - EVENING
The guys drive down the highway eating In-N-Out. Head nods all around. Swank is now driving the Porsche. Crazily. Fam is with The Boy and the rest of the guys in the other car. Marcus drops his animal style fries on the floor

       MARCUS: Fuck
       FAM: You see you fuckin up this car?
       THE BOY: It's fine
       FAM: He's driving crazy. (iphone goes off) And he's textin me

The text says: R E C K L E S S

       FAM (CONT'D): This nigga's so lame

The Boy sees a tweet of the lead singer of a boy band tweet "follow your heart and [HEART EMOJI] all who cross your path!". The Boy retweets it with a [LAUGHING/CRYING EMOJI]

       FAM (CONT'D): I gotta stop somewhere first

CUT TO:

EXT. CLUB - NIGHT

[VISUAL]

Fam pulls outside of a club. Lots of people are trying to get in. He and The Boy get out and walk to the bouncer, their friend CHEESE. Fam and Cheese dap. The Boy stands on the side next to a line of people trying get in VIP. They look at each other. He is not dressed appropriately to get in

Fam and Cheese do that handshake thing they do. Fam walks in

Some guys in a black SUV rolls by and yell at the dude next to The Boy

       MAN IN CAR: Dont let me catch you out here Jay! Don't let me catch you!

The Boy watches this for a second. He looks down for a moment...

Someone has spray painted "roscoe's wetsuit" on the sidewalk. He stares at it

       MAN IN CAR (CONT'D): I got yours, muthafucka!

The Boy snaps out of it. Then takes out his phone and starts recording the fight. Fam walks out and sees the fight in action

       JAY (I GUESS?): You scared, bitch! That's why you scared!
       MAN IN CAR: I got something for yo ho-ass my nigga!

POP. POP

..what's happening?

Jay is bleeding from his stomach. The Boy is seeing this through his phone. It takes a moment for him to realize-
POP. POP
...run. now
Fam is already running. Everyone in the line is screaming and running. The Boy runs

       COP: Drop your weapon!

(these are cleaner and succinct) POP.POP.POP

Runs to the side of the building. The SUV that was firing slows down. The driver is dead. Car horn blares as the car slows to a stop, mixing with girls crying and "oh shit!" and "fuck". Jay is very close to dead. The blood on the sidewalk is almost black. A street sign (No parking between 7-9am and 4-7pm) is reflected in the dark blood. He turns to The Boy, looks around. He knows what's happening. He's leaving

That was the end. He'll never read this sentence. Or any sentence. He ended earlier. Before this sentence. As far as he knows, before any sentence. He's back to his/the natural state

The Boy felt something

It's funny, cause this dude is dead. There really isn't a connection...it's more him seeing himself for the first time since-

       SOME NIGGA: Damnnnnn.....!

       HIS FRIEND: WORLDSTAR!

The Boy's phone rings:

       THE BOY: Yeah
       FAM: Get in the car

The Boy turns and sees the car rolling up to the alley he's hiding in. The Boy runs up and jumps in. They speed off

INT. CAR - NIGHT
       FAM: That shit was NUTS!
       STEVE: I knew something was about to happen. I knew it
       MARCUS: Donnie Darko. I'm tellin you

The Boy is looking at the footage on his phone. He's got a death on video. It's looped. Over and over

The Boy touches his shearling coat...there's a hole in it. Bullet hole? He puts his finger through...

...i shouldn't be (here)

He looks at Fam and Steve. They're talking

       MARCUS (CONT'D): Bitches high heels everywhere! They ran out they shoes, cuh

       FAM: BAP! BAP! BAP! Oooow. That nigga lit up

The Boy just keeps watching the video

       FAM: Yo. You got it on video?

       THE BOY: Yeah

       FAM: Wow...you caught the end of his journey on video. That's dope. (then) We gotta pic up Doc from the jazz club

INT. JAZZ CLUB - NIGHT

Fam and The Boy Stand in the back. Doc is on stage playing saxophone with a band. He's doing a solo

       THE BOY: Does it weird you out that you almost died today?

       FAM: Not really. I'm not trippin on death

       THE BOY: I'm not trippin. I'm just sayin, if you think about it, there's no reason for us to be here

       FAM: Doc be hanging with the weirdest people. Look at these niggas. They all look like James Blake. Is that who likes Jazz now?

       THE BOY: I was thinking about it and I can't offer anyone anything. Like, my job is tweeting at people. That's my job

       FAM: That's not your job. You do it cause it's funny. You're rich. We don't have to do anything

       THE BOY: Yeah. Isn't that sad?

       FAM: Sad? We are making moves. What about that line me and Swank are gonna start selling?

       THE BOY: All we did was print shirts for ourselves. Who else is buying that shit? And the whole reason we wanted to make shirts is cause Tre made some and they were dope

       FAM: I don't know what to tell you. We are doing dope shit. We are making moves. We can do whatever we want-

       THE BOY: But none of it matters cause we're doing it for ourselves! We're just jerking off for each other. No one in the future's gonna give a shit I made a shirt once

       FAM: Then don't make a shirt, my nigga

       JAMES BLAKEY LOOKING DUDE: Shhh!

The Boy fiddles with the hole in his jacket

INT. MANSION - NIGHT

All the guys walk in with plastic bags from the grocery store. They have blue cups, alcohol, s'more fixings, and gummy bears

If I was the director, I'd have everyone walk in in slow motion into the house with "Nosetalgia" by Pusha T playing

Walking into bedrooms. Opening drawers. Pulling out bags of weed

CUT TO:

AJ walks into his large closet. Pulls out a bowl. There are some prescription bottles there too

CUT TO:

A naked Marcus steps out of the shower and goes in his closet and pulls out some condoms

CUT TO:

Fam is meditating in the center of his bed. He's floating off the bed by about 4 inches
RAP GENIUS NOTE: This is the end of Part 1, continue on at Part 2



[Produced by Metal Fingers]

[Skit 1]
Now I haven't eaten all day. How am I gonna do this man?
Yeah don't wait for her man, don't wait for her
I'll tell you what man: come with me now and y'know
I'll get you some lunch, I'll hook you up with something
I got a little bank, y'know, no problem
I hear you, that's cool (alright? It's cool)
Man, can't you guys just wait here about a half hour, man?
Yo I'll be back man, I'm just gonna munch up a little bit man, I'm pretty hungry
Yo let him come back

[Skit 2]
Here you will find food for your body
As well as comfort for your troubled mind
I'd really like some soup (bread and butter)
Of course my friend. What happened to your hand?
Oh, food at last!

[Skit 3]
How did they get here?
Regular storage procedure, the same as the other food
What other food?
Fish (food) protein (fast for ya)

[Skit 4]
Now what happened?
Well, the cop got
The next morning I went to the store to get some food
(Bread and butter) They arrested me
I'll save you (thank you)
Would you like a snack?
Thanks for the drink

[Skit 5]
Operation Tubesteak complete
All your intercoms casualty and damage testing

[Skit 6]
Enough! you talk of the people's rights
The people have only those rights which I choose to give them
And that's for their own good, believe me
I do, DOOM
They dissappoint me, they must work faster
What about the prisoner?
Ah yes, the young traitor who has tried to turn my people against me
Watch him. I have special trials for that one

[Verse 1]
Beef rap, could lead to getting teeth capped
Or even a wreath for mom dukes on some grief crap
I suggest you change your diet
It can lead to high blood pressure if you fry it
Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease
It ain't no starting back once arteries start to squeeze
Take the easy way out phony, until then
They know they wouldn't be talking that bologna in the bullpen
So disgusting, pardon self as I discuss this
They talk a wealth of shit and they ain't never seen the justice
Bust this, like a cold milk from out the toilet
Two batteries some Brillo and some foil, heat'll boil it
He be better off on PC glued
And it's a feud so don't be in no TV mood
Every week it's mystery meat, seaweed stewed
(Food, we need food!)

[Verse 2]
He wears a mask just to cover the raw flesh
A rather ugly brother with flows that's gorgeous
Drop dead joints hit the whips like bird shit
They need it like a hole in they head or a third tit
Her bra smell, his card say: aw hell
Barred from all bars and kicked out the Carvel
Keep a cooker where the jar fell
And keep a cheap hooker that's off the hook like Ma Bell
Top bleeding, maybe fella took the loaded rod gears
Stop feeding babies colored sugar-coated lard squares
The odd pair swears and God fears
Even when it's rotten, we've gotten through the hard years
I wrote this note around New Year's
Off a couple a shots and a few beers, but who cares?
Enough about me, it's about the beats
Not about the streets and who food he 'bout to eat
A rhyming cannibal who's dressed to kill and cynical
Whether is it animal, vegetable or mineral
It's a miracle how he get so lyrical
And proceed to move the crowd like a old Negro spiritual
For a mil', do a commercial for Mello Yello
Tell 'em devil's hell no, sell y'all own Jello
We hollow krills, she swallow pills
He follow flea collar three dollar bills
And squeal for halal veal, if y'all appeal
Dig the real, it's how the big ballers deal
Twirl a L after every meal (food!)

[Verse 3]
What up? To all rappers: shut up with your shutting up
And keep your shirt on, at least a button-up
Yuck, is they rhymers or strippin' males?
Out of work jerks since they shut down Chippendales
They chippin' nails, DOOM, tippin' scales
Let alone the pre-orders that's counted off shippin' sales
This one goes out to all my peoples skippin' bail
Dippin' jail, whippin' tail and sippin' ale
Light the doobie 'til it glow like a ruby
After which they couldn't find the Villain like Scooby
He's in the lab on some old Buddha Monk shit
Overproof drunk shit, but who'd'a thunk it?
Punk, try and ask why ours be better
Could be the iron mask or the Cosby sweater
Yes, you, who's screwed by the dude on the CD, nude
(We need food!)



[Produced by Boi-1da and Vinylz]

[Chorus: Drake]
I'm the only one that get the job done
I don't know a nigga that could cover for me
Yeah, got some game from my dad
He said she might say she love me
She don't love me like she say she love me
Believe me, believe me
I'm that nigga, boy they love me in the streets
I'm not tryna find nobody else to beat
I'm the one they come to see because they all
Believe me

[Verse 1: Drake]
Yeah, rip, rip rip
It's been me and Young Tune off the rip
That's the man that put me in this shit
If a nigga fuck with him, I'll put him down quick
Got a verse for anybody wanna talk about the clique
I've been takin' shit light, you don't wanna hear me trip
God damn, do y'all really know who y'all fuckin' with?
Yeah, I mean you can't blame me for wonderin'
Doesn't matter, could be winter or the summer
On the road, I do One Direction numbers, I don't fuckin' miss
Yeah, Stunna and Mack know
When Wayne was gone for eight months, we put this thing up on our back
And I was snappin' off on every single track though
Collect call from the boss like where we at though
I was like, "Hah, it's our time, nigga"
He left Rikers in a Phantom, that's my nigga
And I'll been rockin' with the team 'til Carter IX
And we YMCMB, waitin' on somebody to try us, nigga
Yeah

[Chorus: Drake]
I'm the only one that get the job done
I don't know a nigga that could cover for me
Yeah, got some game from my dad
He said she might say she love me
She don't love me like she say she love me
Believe me, believe me
I'm that nigga, boy they love me in the streets
I'm not tryna find nobody else to beat
I'm the one they come to see because they all
Believe me

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Lord knows I'll murk one of these niggas, yeah
His and hers Ferraris, nigga
One for me, one for my daughter, nigga
Waitin' for someone to test me like a Harvard nigga
I tote a 223, two Michael Jordans, nigga
Come on, fight these shell cases like a lawyer, nigga
Find out where you stay, and act like we found some oil, nigga
Out of duct tape so when he prayin' I ignore the nigga
All I gotta say is "sayonara, nigga"
Drop dead gorgeous but the bitch ain't dyin' for a nigga
Where the real queens at? Shout out Capone and Noreaga
We can shoot it out and see who live to tell the story later
Diamonds in my Rollie face cannot be exfoliated
They think I'm associated, I'm the one that orchestrated
Yayo get her ass whipped, whip that ass like horses racin'
Ain't 'bout what you walk away from, it's 'bout what you walk away with
Dead Presidents, them coffins vacant
I must be doin' somethin'

[Chorus: Drake]
I'm the only one that get the job done
I don't know a nigga that could cover for me
Yeah, got some game from my dad
He said she might say she love me
She don't love me like she say she love me
Believe me, believe me
I'm that nigga, boy they love me in the streets
I'm not tryna find nobody else to beat
I'm the one they come to see because they all
Believe me

[Verse 3: Drake]
Had to get it poppin' off the rip
Rich young nigga that ain't never had to trick
Slim Thug flow but you know I like 'em thick
If she get a job at DOA, I drop her off a tip
I had to get it poppin' off the rip
I'm the one they tell yah been reppin' in the 6
Come into the city and yah niggas get to trippin'
We'll take yah to the Scarborough Bluff and drop you off a cliff
Well damn, just be happy for the man
Nirvana, Coldplay, nigga got bands
Ink from the money, got it all over my hands
Goin' out to Houston, spendin' all of my advance
V Live just took me for a cheque
"Drake you know I love you, you just took me outta debt"
Yes, right now you are lookin' at the best
Mothafuck award shows and mothafuck the press like that

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Mothafuck the rest
When they jumped off the porch, I was stumblin' up the steps
I'd give what I collect before I give up my connect
It'd be a cold day in Hell, icicles made of sweat
One finger, slidin' 'cross my neck
Niggas know what that mean like they deaf
Nigga I'll fire this nina like it's her first day
On the job and the bitch overslept
Tune stay humble, nigga I'm a king
Need a horn and a drumroll
They throw mothafuckin' roses at my feet, nigga
I don't step on one rose
I'm the only one that get the job done
I don't know a nigga that can cover for me
Tape a couple kilos to the bitch stomach
She look like she got a bun in the oven from me
Preheat, believe me
All you gotta do is pay me every week
I had these bitches havin' babies every week
I'm the nigga, see me skatin' in the streets
Gone

[Outro: Drake]
Rip rip, nigga



[Verse 1: Ameer Vann]
Dressed in the same shit I wore yesterday
Yeah, it's still fresh, never flexed clichés
I never write a verse and repeat the same thing
'Cause the sheen on my chains is my calling to fame
Made in the projects, slave to my progress
I only fuck a black girl if she wearing contacts
You ain't gotta talk you still blocked from my contacts
She hit me on my MySpace she ever wanna find me
I'm way too fly to drive, too drunk to call a cab
But I still need a ride to fit a couple girls inside
Oh what am I to do? I rent an Uber for the week
It's just another whip on my back, and we don't pay no tax
'Cause where I come from, ain't no body getting shot by the IRS
The trap ain't free, you better realize that
But I'mma get money, no tests on the desk
Fuck the SATs, smoking Sunday's best
Find me in the ground, only time I regress
Six feet down, no I'm not there yet
Won't you meet me in the grave? I got grass on deck
So a grave like a slaveship, candy colored spaceship
Space like a white girl but ride like a Lexus
Leather with an accent, designed by Italians
But he ain't got medallions so maybe he a Mexican
But really what's the difference?

[Verse 2: Merlyn Wood]
I don't know difference
Mirror black and white like a pilgrim
Plymouth landed on me like a kickflip
Y'all repress this, oppress this
Question next is why my mentions so menstrual?
I be going ham on Ray Street eating tofu
Loiter at the Whole Foods, sipping kombucha
Yeah, I went green but the black'll still do ya
Damn, she used to be my number one, past tense
Past time chillin', evolved into the villain
Sunday school friends in search of second circumcisions
Nah, keep your opinions
We was mall rats just cheesin' for the pictures
Now who can circumvent us?



[Intro (phone conversation)]
Yo what up son?
-Yo what up kid?
Yo, you holdin your head up?
-I'm tryin to man, but the system is shady
Word man they always man, they always tryin
To keep a good brother down, but I'm sayin
We still, you know we got love for you son
And we prayin for you and we, you know
We tryin to hold it down wh
You know while you in there man
-No question
Hopefully they won't keep you in there for too long
-Yeah, for real, I sure love be out in a minute, you know?
-But you know what I want you to kid? You know what would
-be the bomb man?
What's that?
-You need to do some shit with Face man
-Bomb on niggas, be shady man
Scarface?
-Yeah man
Yo that's my nigga, yaknowwhaImean
-Scarface is tight son
Yo that's a good idea word is bond
I'm gonna talk the play in tomorrow(yeah) and
See about if we could hook up wit him
-That's proper

[Hook: Guru]
Scandalous, money greed and lust
In this trife life, there ain't nobody you can trust
Plus there's no justice, it's just us
In fact, watchin' yo back it be must
And each and everyday around the way gats bust
And jealous so-called friends'll try to set you up
It's called betrayal

[Verse 1: Guru]
Check the horror scene
The kid was like twelve or thirteen
Never had the chance like other kids to follow dreams
Watched his father catch two in the dome and to the spleen
Nothin' but blood everywhere, these streets are mean
They spared his life, but killed his moms and his sister Jean
Of course over some drug shit
His pops was on some ill-out, spill your guts, on some thug shit
Didn't know his boys was on some shady ass no love shit
His pops got played out though, with silencers they laid him out yo
Took his stash and all the cash and left 'em, tied up on the couch yo
With tape over his mouth, so he couldn't cry out
Cause his dad was the nigga with clout
Survival of the fittest so they split his wig no doubt
Despite the stocking caps he noticed the same cat, who used to give him dough
And taught him, to use the same gat
Supposed to be an Uncle, fam and all that
He could tell that it was him cause he had on the same slacks, he wore when
He took him to Meadowlands racetrack
Why did he flip and go out like that?
It's called betrayal

[Hook: Guru]
Scandalous, money greed and lust
In this trife life, there ain't nobody you can trust
Plus there's no justice, it's just us
In fact, watchin' yo back it be must
And each and everyday around the way gats bust
And jealous so-called friends'll try to set you up
It's called betrayal

[Verse 2: Scarface]
A Betrayal
Punk ass niggas
It's called betrayal

He on a mission to become a ball player
Flip big Benz's, flossin all gators
Had it all mapped out,6-8,12th grader
Fresh outta school, he fin' to go lay paper
He had abrother who was hustlin collectin his change
Never let his baby brother stick his neck in the game
Told him all he had to do is just enjoy the ride
And he ain't have to worry about money cause that's in time
So now he's pacin as the time moves slowly
Can't wait to face Shaquille in the paint and school Kobe
Kept his grades and stayed up under neighborhood functions
And then a group of knuckleheads came through dumping
So now he's sittin on the sidewalk bleeding
Fell into a puddle of his own blood and stopped breathin
And everybody in the neighborhood still grievin
But destiny caught up with his ass and he got even
And all the cryin in the world ain't goin to bring him back
His brother, sittin at the wake wipin tears from his mother's eyes
Why'd the game have to go and take the young boys life
Only the wicked live shife, payin the price
While he's starin at the shell
His brothers soul wants hell the trigger man made bail
And you, wouldn't pay the boys mail, and sacrificed the fuckin family
That's betrayal
Betrayal(echoes)

[Hook: Guru]
Scandalous, money greed and lust
In this trife life, there ain't nobody you can trust
Plus there's no justice, it's just us
In fact, watchin' yo back it be must
And each and everyday around the way gats bust
And jealous so-called friends'll try to set you up
It's called betrayal



[Verse 1: Killer Mike]
Hardcore G shit, homie, I don't play around
Ain't shit sweet bout the peach -- this Atlanta, clown
Home of the dealers and the strippers and the clubs, though
Catch you coming out that Magic City with a snub, ho
Lurking in the club on tourist motherfuckers
Welcome to Atlanta -- up your jewelry, motherfucker!
These monkey niggas looking for some Luda and Jermaine
And all that nigga found was a Ruger and some pain
Pow, motherfucker, pow! Come up off the chain
Pow, motherfucker, pow! One off in the brain
We some money-hungry wolves, and we down to eat the rich
Your bodyguard ain't shit, we strip him like a stripper bitch
These real-ass killers move in silence with violence
The minute it set off, we the motherfucking wildest
How you from Atlanta they ain't never speak upon
Where everybody got a sack of dope and a gun

[Chorus: Trouble]
And you know just how it go
We ain't playing round with that bullshit
Nigga, we ain't let that shit go
When you come here, you better come correct
This real G shit, you gotta show respect

[Verse 2: Bun B]
Once upon a time in the projects
An O.G. saw a young Bun B as a prospect
Thought that I would understand the streets from a very young age
So he opened up the G code to the front page
He sat me on the porch, said, "This where little dogs sit"
Pointed at the yard, said, "That's where big dogs shit"
He said, "Don't leave til your ass get growed
And don't come back til your ass get throwed
Whatever you want is whatever you can have
Bring the pain and leave em wet, like they soaking in some salve
When you step out on the ave, make sure they wanna see ya
Cause being trill is an onomatopoeia
Be about it like a G, a hater wanna catch you slipping
Try to be a Jordan, but settle for a Pippen"
Player, I ain't even tripping, but I don't really care
Cause my pistol's in your face, so put your hands in the air

[Chorus: Trouble]
And you know just how it go
We ain't playing round with that bullshit
Nigga, we ain't let that shit go
When you come here, you better come correct
This real G shit, you gotta show respect

[Verse 3: T.I.]
'96 I'm riding with a pistol grip, banana clip
From Simpson Road to Adamsville, I'm repping this Atlanta shit
Nigga trying to handle up, let's see can they handle this
A hundred round at em, that ain't no Louisiana shit
Drinking on that Hennessey, blowing on that cannabis
Amerikkka's nightmare, trap nigga fantasy
A record full of felonies, searching for a better me
But choppers go off in my hood like Iraq, Cuba, Tel Aviv
Shoot a nigga, let him bleed -- fuck him, shorty
Sucker nigga I'll never be, don't give a fuck about it
Quick to run up on that Audi, make em get the fuck up out it
Nigga better be about it, he deserve it he allow it
What's a coward to a kamikaze? He ain't robbed a man
Ain't predator or prey; the law of nature where I stay
I catch you slipping with that K, ain't no illusion, no confusion
Better come up off that cake and all that jewelry or you snoozing

[Chorus: Trouble]
And you know just how it go
We ain't playing round with that bullshit
Nigga, we ain't let that shit go
When you come here, you better come correct
This real G shit, you gotta show respect

[Verse 4: Killer Mike]
Wha-da-dang, wha-da-da-da-da-dang
Listen to my Kimber .45 go bang
Bang bang, Grindtime, rap gang
We the readers of the books and the leaders of the crooks
Predators, we eyeballing all of y'all lames
Let me fall off, I'm taking all of y'all chains
All of y'all watches and all of y'all cars
Well, who he talking to? All of y'all stars
All of y'all rappers and producers and such
No homo promo, homie, you might get your ass touched
Like Def Jam circa '83, you get rushed
If you rolling with some winners, then you rolling with us
I know some dumb country niggas, but them niggas ain't me
Know they dress and look the part, but them niggas ain't G
I don't make dance music, this is R.A.P.!
Opposite of the sucker shit they play on T.V.!

[Chorus: Trouble]
And you know just how it go
We ain't playing round with that bullshit
Nigga, we ain't let that shit go
When you come here, you better come correct
This real G shit, you gotta show respect



[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I guess I get mad when you get boxed in
So mad, you wanna start boxin'
So mad, you gonna turn to Tyson
Slicin' and dicin'
Paparazzi, I'm like a Nazi to 'em
I'm not Bill Cosby to 'em
And I ain't Bing Crosby
More like [?] to 'em
Aye yo, I've got to ruin
The image and the style that you're used to doin'
When people usually do music
I am a visionary, Christian soldier, don't confuse it
Before I lose it and have to prove it
This the way that we gon', time; we gotta move it to the future
Karma Sutra, any way that suit ya
Don't shoot ya, stop the violence and it's been stopped
We stopped the violence in the hip-hop
We stopped the hatin' and the degradation
We 'bout to build like One Nation
Got off the phone with Benjamin Carson
Uh, that's the next president, arson
Burn it down, burn Hollywood, burn like Ice Cube said
I'm the rudest, a lot of people say that
Cause they say, "Ye, don't play that"
They be off that Grey Goose, I be off that Ye Juice
That's the way I stay loose
Confidence and esteem, American dream
My crib's spatial and my relationship is interracial

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I don't know where to start, I don't know where to start
Maybe the chart, maybe the heart
Maybe the flow, maybe the gold
Where I was grown, what I grew up in
Well, you see, my mama divorced my daddy
And moved my family when I was 3
And in the cold, straight from Chicago where I go
And everybody know, from my homie Don C, I be air
Aye, yo, like IBM or Apple, Steve Jobs of this
Yeah, I'm on my job with this
Aye, yo, it's very, very simple
You heard me on Jimmy Kimmel, I can do it every tempo
I'll use my temple
I wanna build a temple, I wanna build churches
That could be as big as The Adam's Family's, where Lurch is
Aye, yo, this is not a circus
The zoo is closed, motherfuckers
It ain't no cursin' in the verse which you know is not perfect
And now you know it's still worth it
I might short-circuit, I might just black out
Hit you with that "BLOCKA!"
You know I'm Ibaka
Number One Chief Rocker, Number One Chief Rocker
Ain't nobody gon' stop him, ain't nobody gon' stop us
Because God on my side, that's the way I ride
Jesus Christ, Yeezus nice!

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
One time I had lost my faith
But I had to stay faithful and grateful for the God I was given
The way that I was livin' or the life that I've been livin'
It didn't make a difference
See, when I was 30, I had 6 parents
Grandmother, grandfather, grandmother, grandfather
Mother, father, now I've only got one parent
Life could change in a blink, and that is apparent
But still you've got to stay strong
I don't know what everybody else is on
Sometimes I don't listen to music, I just need to zone out
Sometimes I don't listen to music, everybody clones now
And I doubt they even listen, and I ain't tryna diss 'em
But sometimes I be in music and feel like it's a prison
And everybody say bein' a rockstar is everything
But see, I wanna do everything
And I know I could do everything
And be anything that I wanna be
So simply, if you wanna be like Mike
I wanna be like Christ, I wanna be that nice
You know what I'm saying?
Okay, this beat just threw me off
Took it extra old-school
This ain't no freestyle beat, yo, yo, dude!



[Produced by DJ Toomp]

[Intro]
Stadium status

[Hook]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin

[Verse 1]
It's the Hard Knock Life Tour, sellout
Picture us in the mall, coppin' Iceberg and yell out "Jigga"
Yeah, that's what we'll yell out, yell out
You know the name do I gotta spell out or tell 'bout
J-A-Y, and 'Ye so shy
Now he won't even step to his idol to say hi
Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by
Back of my mind, "He could change your life
With all these beats I did, at least let him hear it
At least you can brag to ya friends back at the gig"
But he got me out me out my momma crib
Then he help me get my momma a crib

[Hook]
Big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands?

[Verse 2]
Fresh off the plane, I'm off to Baseline
Nothing handed out, I'm 'bout to take mine
'round the same time of that Blueprint 1
And these beats in my pocket was that blueprint for him
I'd play my little songs in that old back room
He'd bob his head and say "Damn! Oh, that's you?"
But by The Black Album, I was blacking out
Partyin' S.O.B.'s and we had packed a crowd
Big brother got his show up at Madison Square
And I'm like "Yeah, yeah, we gon' be there" but
Not only did I not get a chance to spit it
Carline told me I could buy two tickets
I guess big brother was thinkin' a little different
And kept little brother at bay, at a distance
But everything that I felt was more bogus
Only made me more focused, only wrote more potent
Only thing I wanna know is why I get looked over
I guess I'll understand when I get more older
Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem
Now I'm on the top and everybody on the scrotum

[Hook]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands?

[Verse 3]
Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant?
Not only a client, the Presidito, hola, Hovito
The game gettin' foul so here's a free throw
I was always on the other side of the peephole
Then I dropped "Jesus Walks" now I'm on the steeple
And we know, "New Jack City" got to keep my brother
But to be number one I'mma beat my brother
On that "Diamonds" remix I swore I spazzed
Then my big brother came through and kicked my ass
Sibling rivalry, only I could see
It was the pride in me that was drivin' me
At the Grammys I said, "I inspired me"
But my big brother who I always tried to be
When I kicked a flow it like pick-and-roll
Cause even if he gave me the rock, it's give-and-go
I guess Beanie's style was more of a slam dunk
But my shit was more like a finger roll
But I had them singles though
And them hoes at the show gonna mingle, yo, heh, y'all know
I told Jay I did a song with Coldplay
Next thing I know he got a song with Coldplay
Back in my mind I'm like, "Damn, no way"
Translate, español: "No way, José"
Then I went and told Jay Brown
Shoulda known that was gonna come back around
Shoulda talked to you like a man, shoulda told you first
But I told somebody else and that's what made shit worse

[Bridge]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
So here's a few words from ya kid brother
If you admire somebody you should go on 'head tell 'em
People never get the flowers while they can still smell 'em
A idol in my eyes, god of the game
Heart of the City, Roc-a-Fella chain
Never be the same, never be another
Number one, Young Hov, also my big brother

[Hook]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D., my mentor, and that's where the story ends

[Outro]
Toomp killed this shit



Yo bitch say my name
I'm flyer than a plane
I'm crazy like Maine
Drip drip drip drip rain (WOOO)

I'm fucking crazy (WOOOO)
Got Pampers like a baby (WOOOO)
Niggas know me (WOOOOO)
Nigga you can't touch me (WOOOO)

Bitches in my office
Bitches in my office
Niggas tryna off me (WOOO)

I be drinking coffee
..........WOOOOOOOO!

Nigga I'm dumb, dumb
Make a mofucka run
Pack a gun, shoot a nigga, UH
POW POW, nigga I'm done

Murder this shit
I'mma murder my dick
You never heard of this shit
Like you deaf or something

Swag to the fifth
Hotter than a volcano bitch
And I'm cooler than Antarctica
We funky like a farted bruh (WOOOOO)

Bitchmotherfucker
Bitchmotherfucker
Bitch



[Produced by Timbaland]

[Intro: Jay-Z]
Uh, uh uh uh
It's big pimpin baby (that's right)
It's big pimpin, spendin G's
Feel me uh-huh uhh, uh-huh
Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah
Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
You know I thug 'em, fuck 'em, love 'em, leave 'em
‘Cause I don't fuckin' need 'em
Take 'em out the hood, keep 'em lookin' good
But I don't fuckin' feed 'em
First time they fuss I'm breezin'
Talkin' about, "What's the reasons?"
I'm a pimp in every sense of the word
Bitch, better trust and believe 'em
In the cut where I keep 'em
'Til I need a nut, 'til I need to beat the guts
Then it's "beep beep" and I'm pickin' them up
Let 'em play with the dick in the truck
Many chicks wanna put Jigga's fists in cuffs
Divorce him and split his bucks
Just because you got good head
I'ma break bread, so you can be livin' it up?
Shit, I part with nothin', y'all be frontin'
Me give my heart to a woman?
Not for nothin', never happen; I'll be forever mackin'
Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion
I got no patience and I hate waitin'
Ho, get your ass in and let's ride!

[Hook: Jay Z]
We doin' big pimpin', we spendin' cheese
Check 'em out now, big pimpin' on B.L.A.D.'s
We doin' big pimpin' up in N.Y.C
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B

[Verse 2: Bun B]
Nigga, it's the big Southern rap impresario
Comin' straight up out the black barrio
Makes a mill' up off a sorry ho
Then sit back and peep my sce-nahr-i-o
Oops, my bad, that's "my scenario"
No, I can't fuck a scary ho
Now every time, every place, everywhere we go
Hoes start pointin', they say: "There he go!"
Now these motherfuckers know we carry mo'
Heat than a little bit
We don't pull it out over little shit
And if you catch a lick when I spit
Then it won't be a little hit
Go read a book, you illiterate son of a bitch!
And step up your vocab!
Don't be surprised if your ho stab out with me
And you see us comin' down on yo' SLAB
Livin' ghetto-fabulous, so mad, you just can't take it
But nigga if you hatin' I
Then you wait while I get your bitch butt-naked
Just break it; you gotta pay like you weigh
Wet with two pairs of clothes on
Now get yo' ass to the back as I'm flyin' to the track
Timbaland, let me spit my prose on
Pump it up in the pro-zone
That's the track that we breakin' these hoes on
Ain't the track that we flows on
But when shit get hot then the Glock start poppin' like ozone
We keep hoes crunk like Trigger-man
For real, it don't get no bigger, man
Don't trip, let's flip, gettin' throwed on the flip
Gettin' blowed with the motherfuckin' Jigga Man, fool!

[Hook 2: Bun B]
We be big pimpin', spendin' cheese
We be big pimpin' on B.L.A.D.'s
We be big pimpin' down in P.A.T
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B

[Verse 3: Pimp C]
Smokin' out, pourin' up
Keepin' lean up in my cup
All my car got leather and wood
In my hood we call it "buck"
Everybody wanna ball
Holla at broads at the mall
If he up, watch him fall
Nigga, I can't fuck with y'all
If I wasn't rappin', baby
I would still be ridin' Mercedes
Comin' down and sippin' daily
No record 'til whitey pay me
Uhhh, now what y'all know about them Texas boys?
Comin' down in candied toys
Smokin' weed and talkin' noise

[Hook 2: Bun B]
We be big pimpin', spendin' cheese
We be big pimpin' on B.L.A.D.'s
We be big pimpin' down in P.A.T
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B

[Verse 4: Jay Z]
On the canopy, my stamina be
Enough for Pamela Anderson Lee
MTV jam of the week
Made my money quick, then back to the streets
But still sittin' on blades, sippin' that Ray
Standin' on the corner of my block, hustlin'
Still gettin' that cane
Half what I paid slippin' right through customs
It'll sell by night, its egg shell white
I got so many grams, if the man find out
It will land me in jail for life
But I'm still big pimpin', spendin' cheese
With Bun B, Pimp C, and Timothy
We got bitches in the back of the truck
Laughin' it up, Jigga Man: that's what's up!

[Hook 2: Bun B]
We be big pimpin', spendin' cheese
We be big pimpin' on B.L.A.D.'s
We be big pimpin' down in P.A.T
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B



[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G. + (Puff Daddy)]
Uh, uh, check it out (yeah), uh
Junior M.A.F.I.A., uh (hehe)
Uh (I like this) yeah, yeah
Nine-fo' (keep bangin')

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
To all the ladies in the place with style and grace
Allow me to lace these lyrical douches in your bushes
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mamis?
The back of the club, sippin' Moët is where you'll find me
The back of the club, mackin' hoes, my crew's behind me
Mad question askin', blunt passin'
Music blastin', but I just can't quit
Because one of these honeys Biggie got to creep with
Sleep with, keep the ep a secret, why not?
Why blow up my spot cause we both got hot?
Now check it: I got more mack than Craig, and in the bed
Believe me, sweetie, I got enough to feed the needy
No need to be greedy, I got mad friends with Benzes
C-notes by the layers, true fuckin' players
Jump in the Rover and come over
Tell your friends jump in the GS3, I got the chronic by the tree

[Hook: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I love it when you call me big poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
I love it when you call me big poppa
To the honies getting money
Playing niggas like dummies
I love it when you call me big poppa
If you got a gun up in your waist
Please don't shoot up the place!
‘Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be having my baby, baby

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Straight up, honey, really I'm askin'
Most of these niggas think they be mackin', but they be actin'
Who they attractin' with that line
"What's your name? What's your sign?"
Soon as he buy that wine, I just creep up from behind
And ask you what your interests are, who you be with
Things that make you smile, what numbers to dial
You gon' be here for a while?
I'm gon' go call my crew, you go call your crew
We can rendezvous at the bar around 2
Plans to leave, throw the keys to Lil Cease
Pull the truck up front, and roll up the next blunt
So we can steam on the way to the telly, go fill my belly
A T-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape
Conversate for a few, ‘cause in a few we gon' do
What we came to do, ain't that right, boo? (true)
Forget the telly, we just go to the crib
And watch a movie in the jacuzzi, smoke L's while you do me

[Hook: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I love it when you call me big poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
I love it when you call me big poppa
To the honies getting money
Playing niggas like dummies
I love it when you call me big poppa
If you got a gun up in your waist
Please don't shoot up the place!
‘Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be having my baby, baby

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
(How you living, Biggie Smalls?) In mansions and Benzes
Givin' ends to my friends, and it feels stupendous
Tremendous cream: fuck a dollar and a dream
Still tote gats strapped with infrared beams
Choppin' Os, smokin' la in Optimos
Money, hoes and clothes: all a nigga knows
A foolish pleasure? Whatever
I had to find the buried treasure, so grams I had to measure
However, living better now, Coogi sweater now
Drop top BM's, I'm the man, girlfriend

[Interlude: Puff Daddy]
Yeah, honey, check it—
Tell your friends to get with my friends
And we can be friends
Shit, we can do this every weekend, aight?
Is that aight with you?
Yeah… keep bangin'

[Hook: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I love it when you call me big poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
I love it when you call me big poppa
To the honies getting money
Playing niggas like dummies
I love it when you call me big poppa
If you got a gun up in your waist
Please don't shoot up the place!
‘Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be having my baby, baby

[Outro: Notorious B.I.G.]
Uh, check it out
Nine-fo' shit for that ass, uh
Puff Daddy, Biggie Smalls, Junior M.A.F.I.A
Represent—baby, baby, uh



[Verse 1: Matt Champion]
Shoot 'em dead, split the wish bone
Bad luck, spilled the weed on the carpet
No more baby-sitting, no more homework
No more van rides to the mountains with the GameCube taped up
Take the auto down the block
With the scratches on the door, CD no aux
Slow burn, slow burn, slow burn, slow burn, slow burn

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Where do I go when I die?
What if I spend my whole life
Being a bad-ass boy with a crate on the side
I keep my face in my lap, wanna sit in the back
My mom driving around, we got church in an hour
Where do I go when I die?
What if I spend my whole life
Being a bad-ass boy with a crate on the side
I keep my face in my lap, when I sit in the back
My mom driving around, we got church in an hour

[Verse 2: Merlyn Wood]
On sight, when I pull up to the light
My bike sound like Skype (woo-woo)
I don't write, I just pull it out the sky
I was there for attendance then I died
On sight, when I pull up to the light (skrrr-ra)
My bike sound like skype (woo-woo)
I don't write, I just pull it out the sky
I was there for attendance then I died

[Interlude: Joba (& Ryan Beatty)]
I just wanna know, where the love at?
Where the— Where the love at?
I just wanna know, where the love at?
Where the— Where the love at?
I just wanna know, where the love at?
Where the— Where the love at?
I just wanna know, where the love at?
Where the— Where the love at?
I just wanna know, where the love at?
Where the— Where the love at?
I just wanna know, where the love at?
Where the— Where the love at?
I just wanna know, where the love at?
Where the— Where the love at?
I just wanna know, where the love at?
Where the— Where the love at?
I just wanna know, where the love at? (I know where the love is at)
Where the— Where the love at? (I know where the love is at)
I just wanna know, where the love at? (I know where the love is at)
Where the— Where the love at? (I know where the love is at)

[Outro: Ryan Beatty]
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
I know where the love is at
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Haaa haha)
(Nigga)
(Haaa Hahaha)
(Ah ha, nigga!)
(Aaahh haha)
(Oh shit Nigga!)
(Aaahh)
(Man, remember when we lost)
([?] when we was at that party?)





La musica de Harry Fraud

Smoke something, biatch!

[Hook: Action Bronson]
Blow a kiss to my dick, wash my body with the sponge
Feed me Fla-vor-ices, put the chronic in my lungs
Tailor me a leather suit, on some Jodeci shit
Bi-coastal man, we both will﻿ be rich

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Leave the party with your daughter (little Debra)
In the morning do karate in the water
Hear sounds of samurais
Rockin shorts in the winter don’t fuck with splinters (rats)
Roll with sinners — A bunch of winners, catered lunch and dinners
Why my drug jar look so empty?
Drop a hook and then I’ll probably cop an M3
Long knife ('chete), that’s in the event
Somebody try to get me then to Heaven they’ll be sent
Oh, off the strength, caviar and Porsche taste
All the beans are gettin' Boston baked
On thin ice, I skate across the lake
With the CCM tacks, my feet are like Cassius
Smoke premium cabbage

[Hook: Action Bronson]
Blow a kiss to my dick, wash my body with the sponge
Feed me Fla-vor-ices, put the chronic in my lungs
Tailor me a leather suit, on some Jodeci shit
Bi-coastal man, we both will﻿ be rich

[Verse 2: Ft. Riff Raff]
Yo we 80,000 shopping malls but we ain't browsin'
Poppin' hood in Transco Towers
Prowler prowling Gucci towels and bathroom vials
Nouns, owls, Aston Martins
Sparkin' one in valet parkin', loan sharkin'
Hopin' that my days-don’t-get-darkened
Cheetah skin outside the parka
Propaganda propels us – ostrich feathers
Security guards with 9 berettas, pullin' up Volkswagen jettas
Causin' storms in sunny weather, in sunny whether, in sunny weather
Hopin' that my days get, hopin', hopin' days get, days get better



[Produced by Sounwave]

[Hook]
I am a sinner who's probably gonna sin again
Lord, forgive me! Lord, forgive me!
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch, don't kill my vibe!
Bitch, don't kill my vibe!
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink, I got my music
I would share it, but today I'm yelling
Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!
Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!

[Verse 1]
Look inside of my soul and you can find gold and maybe get rich
Look inside of your soul and you can find out it never exist
I can feel the changes
I can feel a new life, I always knew life can be dangerous
I can say that I like a challenge and you tell me it's painless
You don't know what pain is
How can I paint this picture
When the color blind is hangin' with you?
Fell on my face and awoke with a scar
Another mistake livin' deep in my heart
Wear it on top of my sleeve in a flick
I can admit that it did look like yours
Why you resent every making of this?
Tell me your purpose is petty again
But even a small lighter can burn a bridge
Even a small lighter can burn a bridge

[Bridge]
I can feel the changes
I can feel the new people around me just want to be famous
You can see that my city found me
Then put me on stages, to me that's amazin'
To you that's a quick check
With all disrespect, let me say this

[Hook]
I am a sinner who's probably gonna sin again
Lord, forgive me! Lord, forgive me!
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink, I got my music
I would share it, but today I'm yelling
Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!
Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!

[Verse 2]
I'm tryin' to keep it alive
And not compromise the feeling we love
You're tryin' to keep it deprived
And only co-sign what radio does
And I'm lookin' right past you
We live in a world, we live in a world on two different axles
You live in a world, you livin' behind the mirror
I know what you scared of
The feeling of feeling emotions inferior
This shit is vital, I know you had to
This shit is vital, I know you had to
To die in a pitiful vain, tell me a watch and a chain
Is way more believable, give me a feasible gain
Rather a seasonal name
I'll let the people know this is somethin' you can blame
On yourselves, you can remain stuck in a box
I'ma break out and then hide every lock
I'ma break out and then hide every lock

[Bridge]
I can feel the changes
I can feel the new people around me just want to be famous
You can see that my city found me
Then put me on stages, to me that's amazin'
To you that's a quick check
With all disrespect, let me say this

[Hook]
I am a sinner who's probably gonna sin again
Lord, forgive me! Lord, forgive me!
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink, I got my music
I would share it, but today I'm yelling
Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!
Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!

[Outro]
Bitch, don't kill my vibe!
You ain't heard the Coast like this in a long time
Don't you see that long line?
And they waiting on Kendrick like the first and the fifteenth
Threes in the air, I can see you are in sync
Hide your feelings, hide your feelings
Now what you better do
I'll take your girlfriend and put that pussy on a pedestal
Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!
Walk out the door and they scream it's alive
My New Year's resolution is to stop all the pollution
Talk too motherfuckin' much, I got my drink, I got my music
I say bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!
Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!

[Death to Molly]

[Outro]
Ayy, K-Dot, get in the car, nigga!
Come on, we finna roll out!
Nigga, I got a pack of blacks and a beat CD
Get yo' freestyles ready!



[Hook]
I got these bitches brewin'
Fuckin' up my gold pots

[Verse 1]
You like my songs, I like your tits
But deep down, I don't really like you bitch
You got a nice tongue and you wear a nice thong
But bitch you dumb as fuck to right from wrong
(Left) You're on my bed, but Simon's red
Now Simon says get the fuck out my life
Cause you're not my wife, bitch you're a stand for this night
And you could be a stab for this knife
I'm seventeen, you're twenty-six
You're a divorced slut and you can't suck dick
You dropped outta college, you can't pay shit
But I'm broke as fuck too bitch, we on the same boat
Where's my inhaler? I think I'm gonna puke
Cause I can't believe I lost my virginity to you
Yeah, you was in it and I was in it too
But I guess I'm just gonna make this fish stew because

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Bitch shake your ass, shake it until the wet sweat
Crawls right down the crack of your ass
Booty meets snack, back that ass up
Until you come back up and lick my sack up
I'm Tyler the Creator, hang with thrashers and skaters
I do sound like Darth Vader
But that's not stoppin' me from eatin' your muffin
I think you and your friends
Should come with me to get your salad tossed
Cause when I make this stew
In your gold pot addin' extra sauce because

[Hook]

[Outro]
I got these bitches brewin' inside of my gold pots
And there's wet pussy on my face shake that ass
And don't make vibrations stop



[Verse]
Bitch please don't act like we special
Bitch please don't act like we special
I'm so special, I'm so special, I'm so special
Bitch please don't act like we special



Bittersweet, you're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you,
I love you and I hate you at the very same time

See what I want so much, should never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now this is an emergency

And she claim she only with me for the currency
You cut me deep bitch, cut me like surgery
And I was too proud to admit that it was hurtin' me
I'd never do that to you at least purposely

We breakin' up again
We makin' up again
But we don't love no more
I guess we fuckin' then

Have you ever felt you want to kill her
And you mixed them emotions with Tequila
And you mix that with a little bad advice
On one of them bad nights you have a bad fight
And you talkin' about her family, her aunts and shit
And she say motherfucker your mama's a bitch
You know, domestic drama and shit
All the attitude
I'll never hit a girl but I'll shake the shit out of you

But Ima be the bigger man
Big pimpin' like Jigga man
Oh I guess I figure it's

Bittersweet,
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and I hate you at the very same time

See what I want so much, should never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now this is an emergency

And my niggas said I shouldn't let it worry me
I need to focus on the girls we getting currently
But I been thinking and it got me back to sinkin' it
this relationship even got me back to drinkin' and this Hennessy
Is gonna be the death of me
And I always thought that you havin' my child was our destiny
But I can't even vibe with you sexually
Coz every time that I try you will question me
Sayin', "You fuckin' them girls, disrespectin' me?
You don't see how your lies is affecting me
You don't see how life was supposed to be
And I never let a nigga get that close to me
And you ain't cracked up to what you was supposed to be
You always gone, you always be where them hoes'll be."
And this the first time she ever spit her soul to me

I fucked up and I know it G
I guess it's bittersweet poetry



God! God! God! God! God!

[Intro: Miley Cyrus]
Welcome to your life
Diamond through the light
This Miami vice
It's that life (okay, okay)
Dodging bullets in the air when (okay, okay)
There's cameras everywhere (okay, okay)
You don't know how to act right
Everybody wants to rule the world

[Verse 1: Kanye West & Travis Scott]
For my theme song (black)
My leather black jeans on (black)
My by-any-means on
Pardon, I'm gettin' my scream on
Enter the kingdom (black)
But watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman
At the top floor they gon' come to kill King Kong (skrrrrt, straight up)
Middle America packed in
Came to see me in my black skin
Number one question they're askin'
Fuck every question you askin' (straight up)
If I don't get ran out by Catholics
Here come some conservative Baptists
Claiming I'm overreactin'
Like them black kids in Chiraq, bitch

[Bridge: Miley Cyrus & Travis Scott]
Actin' on your worst behavior
Turn your back on all your haters
Everybody wants to rule the
Everybody wants to rule the world (straight up)
The world (straight up)

[Refrain: Kanye West]
But there's nowhere to go (now)
And there's no way to slow (down)
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass
Everybody
Everybody

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
Everybody wants to rule the world
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
The world, the world, the world
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
The world, the world, the world
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Stop all that coon shit
Early morning cartoon shit
This is that goon shit
Fuck up your whole afternoon shit
I'm aware I'm a wolf
Soon as the moon hit
I'm aware I'm a king
Back out the tomb ,bitch
Black out the room, bitch
Stop all that coon shit
These niggas ain't doin' shit
Them niggas ain't doin' shit
Come on homie what happened
You niggas ain't breathin', you gaspin'
These niggas ain't ready for action-action
Ready-ready for action

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it

[Refrain: Kanye West]
So follow me up 'cause this shit 'bout to go (down)
I'm doin' 500, I'm outta control (now)
But there's nowhere to go (now)
And there's no way to slow (down)
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass

[Interlude: Kanye West & Travis Scott]
God
God (straight up)
God
God (do it, do it, do it)
God
God
God
God (do it, do it, do it)
God
God
God

[Outro: Travis Scott]
Everybody wanna rule it
Get inside it, why they do it
Everybody, ride a little bit
Everybody, body do it
Do it
Do it



[Verse 1: Dom McLennon]
Still trynna make it to tomorrow
My purposes redefining, but my heart still feeling hollow
I stare out the window of my Apollo
It feels like an Impala when I'm whipping thru' the cosmos, alone
Waiting for the reception from the other side
I built this shit to get away from what I couldn't hide
But didn't think that it could turn into my coffin, so far away from home
That love is foreign to my conscience
They said "do you make mistakes or do you make a change?"
Or do you draw the line for when it's better days?
You taste the wind for when it's cold enough to kill our flame
I wonder who's to blame
They ask me "do you make mistakes or do you make a change?"
Or do you draw the line for when it's better days?
We taste the wind for when it's cold enough to kill our flame
I wonder who's to blame?

[Chorus: Ryan Beatty]
Who got the feeling?
Tell me why I cry when I feel it
Tell me why
Tell me why
Who got the feeling?
Tell me why I cry when I feel it
Tell me why
Tell me why (why?)

[Bridge: Kevin Abstract]
I forgot my passport
For sure, all for a pretty sky
I forgot my passport
For sure, all for a pretty sky
I forgot my passport
For sure, all for a pretty sky
I forgot my passport
For sure, all for a pretty sky

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
Phone ringing, never outgoing, homebody
Never outgoing, put my doubts on when these walls up
Tearing at the black tie, finish adding notches to my belt loop
They say help you, I can't help you
Why I can't speak out? Is wide out, wide out
Keep it deep inside my mind, it's off kilter, off kilter
I turn memory to fantasy, for that better pleasure, fuck
Time machine gon' make it better, maybe better for ya
I can't make this up, I can't take it back
Feel like a monster, feel like a dead head zombie
Feelings you don't want me, I ain't giving up, you should set it off
Tell me "time's up", let the water run, let my body run



[Chorus: Ryan Beatty]
Who got the feeling?
Tell me why I cry when I feel it
Tell me why, tell me why
Who got the feeling?
Tell me why I cry when I feel it
Tell me why, tell me why
(Why?)

[Verse 1: Matt Champion]
Phone ringing, never outgoing, homebody
Never outgoing, put my doubts on when these walls up
Tearing at the black tie, finish adding notches to my belt loop
They say help you, I can't help you
Why I can't speak out? Is wideout, wideout
Keep it deep inside my mind, it's off-kilter, off-kilter
I turn memory to fantasy, for that better pleasure, fuck
Time machine gonna make it better, maybe better for ya
I can't make this up, I can't take it back
Feel like a monster, feel like a deadhead zombie
Feelings you don't want me, I ain't giving up, you should set it off
Tell me “Time's up”, let the water run, let my body run

[Chorus: Ryan Beatty]
Who got the feeling?
Tell me why I cry when I feel it
Tell me why, tell me why
Who got the feeling?
Tell me why I cry when I feel it
Tell me why, tell me why
(Why?)

[Verse 2: Merlyn Wood]
Said she wanna get high off a nigga
I wanna die during sex or religion
God and pussy only know my intentions
Waking on the tour bus then I'm swimming
You'd be hurtin' if you trust me but you isn't
Honestly, that's probably the right decision
Prick up, listen, if you wanna get rich
No sleep, how real bad man wake up

[Verse 3: Ameer Vann]
I found false hope in all kinda places
Hotel rooms and temporary feelings
I put my clothes on and try to check out
I try to hide from the sun, let it set now
Don't let God see me, I got a lot of demons
And I've been sleeping with 'em
And now I'm tangled in the sheets and sinking deeper with 'em
I'm going deeper in it, find me drownin' in it

[Verse 4: Dom McLennon]
They said: “Do you make mistakes or do you make a change?”
Or “Do you draw the line for when it's better days?”
You taste the wind for when it's cold enough to kill our flame
I wonder who's to blame
They ask me “Do you make mistakes or do you make a change?”
Or “Do you draw the line for when it's better days?”
We taste the wind for when it's cold enough to kill our flame
I wonder who's to blame?

[Chorus: Ryan Beatty]
Who got the feeling?
Tell me why I cry when I feel it
Tell me why, tell me why
Who got the feeling?
Tell me why I cry when I feel it
Tell me why
Tell me why
(Why?)

[Bridge: Joba]
Everything I have
(Is a mirror)
And everywhere I stand
(Isn't solid ground)
People don't make sense
(To me anymore)
I'm hiding out, again
(Tryna figure it out)
I'm tryna figure it out
I'm tryna figure it out, yeah
I'm tryna figure it out

[Bridge: Kevin Abstract]
I forgot my passport
For sure, all for a pretty sky
I forgot my passport
For sure, all for a pretty sky
I forgot my passport
For sure, all for a pretty sky
I forgot my passport
For sure, all for a pretty sky

[Outro: bearface]
Everything you wear
I'll be the one to care
Softly raise your hair
All the angels stare, yeah
Tell me why, tell me why
(Why?)



[Hook: Jamila Woods + Chance The Rapper]
I'm gon' praise Him, praise Him 'til I'm gone
I'm gon' praise Him, praise Him 'til I'm gone
When the praises go up, the blessings come down
When the praises go up, the blessings come down
It seems like blessings keep falling in my lap
It seems like blessings keep falling in my lap

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
I don't make songs for free, I make 'em for freedom
Don't believe in kings, believe in the Kingdom
Chisel me into stone, prayer whistle me into song air
Dying laughing with Krillin saying something 'bout blonde hair
Jesus' black life ain't matter, I know I talked to his daddy
Said you the man of the house now, look out for your family
He has ordered my steps,  gave me a sword with a crest
And gave Donnie a trumpet in case I get shortness of breath

[Hook: Jamila Woods +  Chance The Rapper]
I'm gon' praise Him, praise Him 'til I'm gone
Don't be mad
I'm gon' praise Him, praise Him 'til I'm gone
When the praises go up
(Good God)
The blessings come down
Good God
When the praises go up (Good God) the blessings come down
( the blessings come down)
When the praises go up, the blessings come down
(It seems like blessings keep falling in my lap)
The blessings come down
When the praises go up, the blessings come down
(Good God)

[Verse 2: Chance The Rapper]
They booked the nicest hotels on the 59th floor
With the big wide windows, with the suicide doors
Ain't no blood on my money, ain't no Twitter in Heaven
I know them drugs isn't close, ain't no visitin' Heaven
I know the difference in blessings and worldly possessions
Like my ex-girl getting pregnant
And her becoming my everything
I'm at war with my wrongs, I'm writing four different songs
I never forged it or forfeited, I'm a force to be reconciled
They want four-minute songs
You need a four-hour praise dance performed every morn
I'm feeling shortness of breath, so Nico grab you a horn
Hit Jericho with a buzzer beater to end a quarter
Watch brick and mortar fall like dripping water, ugh!
(Good God)

[Hook: Jamila Woods, Byron Cage + (Chance The Rapper)]
I'm gon' praise Him, praise Him till I'm gone
(Good God)
I'm gon' praise Him, praise Him till I'm gone
When the praises go up,  (Good God) the blessings come down
(The blessings come down)
When the praises go up, the blessings come down
(the blessings come down)
When the praises go up, the blessings come down
(Are you ready for your blessings?)
When the praises go up, the blessings come down
(Are you ready for your miracle?)
When the praises go up, the blessings come down
(Are you ready, are you ready?)
(Are you ready, are you ready?)
(Are you ready, are you ready?)
(Are you ready, are you ready?)
(Are you ready, are you ready?)

[Outro: Chance The Rapper]
It seems like blessings keep falling in my lap

​



[Intro]
AAAA!!!
AAAA!!!
AAAA!!!
AAAA!!!

[Verse 1]
For my theme song
My leather black jeans on
My by-any-means on
Pardon, I'm getting my scream on
Enter the kingdom
But watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman
At the top floor they gone come to kill King Kong
Middle America packed in
Came to see me in my black skin
My money was number one draft pick
They still burned his jersey in Akron
If I don't get ran out by Catholics
Here come some conservative Baptists
Claiming I'm overreactin'
Like them black kids in Chiraq bitch

[Hook]
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
Y'all can't keep playing with my emotions

[Bridge]
So follow me up cause this shit 'bout to go DOWN
I'm doing 500, I'm outta control NOW
But there's nowhere to go NOW
And there's no way to slow DOWN
Runnin' outta time - movin' fast
So just sit back and enjoy the crash

[Hook]
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know this, and you know this

[Verse 2]
Stop all that coon shit
Early morning cartoon shit
This is that goon shit
Fuck up your whole afternoon shit
I'm aware I'm a wolf
Soon as the moon hit
I'm aware I'm a king
Back out the tomb bitch
Black out the room, bitch
Stop all that coon shit
These niggas ain't doin' shit
Them niggas ain't doin' shit
What do you say to a masked man
This Inglorious Bastard that’s rapping
We might have to burn this whole suit down
Like the theater that Hitler was trapped in

[Hook]
Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300 like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
Keep it goin', keep it goin'

[Bridge]
So follow me up cause this shit 'bout to go DOWN
I'm doing 500, I'm outta control NOW
But there's nowhere to go NOW
And there's no way to slow DOWN
Runnin' outta time - movin' fast
So just sit back and enjoy the crash



[Produced by TNGHT, Kanye West, Mike Dean, Arca, Carlos "6 July" Broady, and 88 Keys]

[Intro: Nina Simone]
Strange fruit hangin' from the poplar trees
Blood on the leaves

[Verse 1]
I just need to clear my mind now
It's been racin' since the summertime
Now I'm holdin' down the summer now
And all I want is what I can't buy now
Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I told you to wait
Yeah, I told you to wait
So I'ma need a little more time now
Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I thought you could wait
Yeah, I thought you could wait
These bitches surroundin' me
All want something out me
Then they talk about me
Would be lost without me
We could've been somebody
Thought you'd be different 'bout it
Now I know you not it
So let's get on with it

[Verse 2]
We could've been somebody
'stead you had to tell somebody
Let's take it back to the first party
When you tried your first molly
And came out of your body
And came out of your body
Running naked down the lobby
And you was screamin' that you love me
Before the limelight tore ya
Before the limelight stole ya
Remember we were so young
When I would hold you
Before the blood on the leaves
I know there ain't wrong with me
Something strange is happenin'

[Verse 3]
You could've been somebody
We could've ugh, we could've been somebody
Or was it on the first party
When we tried our first molly
And came out of our body
And came out of our body
Before they call lawyers
Before you tried to destroy us
How you gon' lie to the lawyer?
It's like I don't even know ya
I gotta bring it back to the 'nolia

[Bridge]
Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down with my niggas
Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down with my niggas
Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down with my niggas
I ride with my niggas, I'd die for my...

[Verse 4]
To all my second string bitches, try and get a baby
Trying to get a baby, now you talkin' crazy
I don't give a damn if you used to talk to JAY-Z
He ain't with you, he with Beyoncé, you need to stop actin' lazy
She Instagram herself like #BadBitchAlert
He Instagram his watch like #MadRichAlert
He only wanna see that ass in reverse
Two-thousand-dollar bag with no cash in your purse
Now you sittin' courtside, wifey on the other side
Gotta keep 'em separated, I call that apartheid
Then she said she impregnated, that's the night your heart died
Then you gotta go and tell your girl and report that
Main reason cause your pastor said you can't abort that
Now your driver say that new Benz you can't afford that
All that cocaine on the table you can't snort that
That goin' to that owin' money that the court got
All in on that alimony, uh, yeah-yeah, she got you homie, yeah
'til death but do your part, unholy matrimony

[Outro]
That summer night holdin' long and long, 'din long
Now waiting for the summer rose and (breathe)
And breathe and breathe
And breathe and breathe
And breathe and breathe
And live and learn
And live and learn
And livin' and livin' like I’m lonely
Lonely, lonely
And livin' all I have
And livin' all
And live
And live



[Verse 1]
I don't want you thinking I love you 'cause I stay
Girl I really like you and happy we got laid
I think about your windows like two times in a day
I'm a pervert with a purpose, like priest who just got saved
Kissing, kissing, I'm on a mission of licking
The holy grail of your body, when you be kissin', Mrs
This is a kid from Africa, you, you are a kitchen
I come quicker than pitches from Sammy Sosa
You hoping I'm joking, but first

[Hook]
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load

[Verse 2]
Your pussy tighter than door hinges
I munch you like sandwiches
But not any more 'cause I'm on tour, so
Look: FaceTime your clit, I will jack off my dick
I go hard, shit, I might need ice pack on my wrist
Fucking, I'm pumping, you know it's coming
Bust in a couple of seconds, I'm sweating, I leave you slump
In the back of my truck, butt naked, suck it out of me
I leave you with nothing, get it?
This is what you wanted, this is what you came for

[Hook]
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load

[Interlude: Syd & Tyler]
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries  (You blow me away)
With your cherry (Cherry Bomb)
Make me feel like 4th of July
(Can't breathe)
Cherry
You light my fireworks
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries  (You blow me away)
With your cherry bomb

[Outro: Shane Powers]
That was new music from the soundtrack of the upcoming film [honk]
Be caller eight to win tickets to the triple feature Moon Theatres tonight
Three back to back to back movies at the Moon Theatres tonight
Be the eighth caller, only on Golf Radio
G-O-L-F, G-O-L-F, it's Golf Radio



{*The song starts with Jay-Z - Izzo (H.O.V.A.)*}

Ladies and gentlemen let's put our hands together for the astonishing
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A

[Jay-Z]
Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the 8th wonder of the world
The flow of the century, oh it's timeless, HOV'!
Thanks for comin' out tonight
You could've been anywhere in the world, but you're here with me
I appreciate that, uhhd

*The song changes to: The Jackson Five - I Want You back*

*The song changes to: The Doors - Five to One*

[Kanye West talking]
Yo this song right here, I remember I used to play
This sample for people before I hooked up
And I used to tell people "you know, this, this gon' be like The Truth
But it's gon' better than The Truth", and to all my niggas, my nigga ??? said:
"I mean ask these but it ain't no Truth, that ain't no Truth right there!"
And he was all like, the Takeover

[Jim Morrison]
Five to one, baby, one in five
No one here, gets, out alive, now
You'll get yours, baby, I'll get mine
Gonna make it, baby, if we try

The old get old, and the young get stronger
May take a week, and it may take longer
They got the guns, but we got the numbers
Gonna win, yeah we're, takin' over
Come on!

*The song changes to: Jay-Z - Takeover*

[Jay-Z]
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
Memphis Bleek, we runnin' this rap shit
B. Mac, we runnin' this rap shit
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit

The takeover, the break's over nigga
God MC, me, Jay-Hova
Hey lil' soldier you ain't ready for war
R.O.C.'s too strong for y'all

[Kanye West]
Ac'right nigga!

*The song changes to: Jay-Z - Heart of the City (Ain't no Love)*

[Jay-Z]
Uh, uh, listen
First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got a problem with Hov'
What's up y'all niggas all fed up cause I got a little cheddar
And my records movin' out the store

*The song changes to: Bobby "Blue" Bland - Ain't no Love in the Heart of the City*

[Bobby "Blue" Bland]
Ain't no love, in the heart of the city
Ain't no love, in the heart of town
Ain't no love..

*The song changes to: David Ruffin - Common Man*

[David Ruffin]
Yeeehh

*The song changes to: Jay-Z - Never Change*

[Jay-Z (David Ruffin)]
(Never, never, never, never change)
I never change, this is Jay every day
(I never change!)
I never change, this is Jay every day
(I never change!)
I never change, this is Jay



[Crowd noise]

[Intro: Press Release]
In today's music news: the ever-controversial 2Pac Shakur has just released another album under the alias "Makaveli." Music insiders are running wild trying to rearrange other artists' street dates in fear of a wipeout in retail interchart movement. Although no one knows the exact cause of the new album, resources tell me a number of less fortunate rappers have joined together in conspiracy to assassinate the character of not only Mr. Shakur but of Death Row Records as well. Nas, the alleged ring leader, is furious at 2Pac's – excuse me – Makaveli's verbal assault on Mobb Sleep, Notorious P.I.G., and several other New York rappers. JAY-Z from "Hawaiian Sophie" fame, Big Little whatever, and several other corny-sounding motherfuckers are understandably shaken up by this release. The question everybody wants to know is: why'd they get this nigga started? 2Pac – rather Makaveli – was not available for comment but released this statement:

[2Pac talking]
It's not about East or West
It's about niggas and bitches, power and money, ridaz and punks
Which side are you on?
[gunshots followed by several encroaching footsteps]
These niggas is still fuckin' talkin'?
You niggas still breathin'? Fuckin' roaches, aight
Aight, it's the Raid for you cockroaches
Punk motherfuckers, this is it (Makaveli The Don)
Killuminati Style (all day) (up in your ass)
(Bomb first) (Outlaw Ridahz) Solo shit, Bring it!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Allow me to introduce first: Makaveli the Don
Hysterical, spiritual lyrics like The Holy Qur'an
Niggas get shook like 5-0
My .45 is next to me when we ride, for survival
Money-makin' plans, pistol close at hand, swollen pockets
Let me introduce the topic, then we drop it
Expose snakes ‘cause they breed freely
See me rise, located worldwide like the art of graffiti
I think I'm tougher than Nitti, my attitude is shitty
Born on a dope fiend's titty, in every city
You'll find me, look for trouble right behind me
My Outlaw niggas down to die for me, know what I mean?
I hit the scene, niggas duckin' from my guillotine stare
I'm right there, my every word a fuckin' nightmare
Get me high, let me see the sun rise and fall
This for my dogs down to die for y'all
Extreme venom, no mercy when we all up in ’em
Cut ’em down, to Hell is where we send ’em
My whole team trained to explode, ride or die
Murder motherfuckers lyrically and I'm not gonna cry
Me, a born leader, never leave the block without my heater
Two big pits, I call them my "bitch-nigga eaters"
And not a whimper until I'm gone
Thug Life runnin' through my veins so I'm strong
Bye bye bye, let's get high and ride
Oh, how do we do these niggas, but I'm not gonna cry
I'm a Bad Boy killer, JAY-Z die too
Lookin' out for Mobb Deep, nigga, when I find you
Weak motherfuckers don't deserve to breathe
How many niggas down to die for me? Yay-yay!
West Coast rider, comin' right behind ya
Should have never fucked with me
I want money, hoes, sex and weed
I won't rest until my road dog's free – bomb first

[Hook: 2Pac]
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
We ain't even come to hurt nobody tonight
But it's my life or your life, and I'ma bomb first
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
We ain't even come to fight tonight
But it's my life or your life, and I'ma bomb first

[Verse 2: E.D.I. Mean]
For so many days, in so many ways
We've been duckin' strays they delivers
But still we some Bad Boy killers
Got nothin' to lose, I gots nowhere to go
I only got one home, see me stranded on Death Row
With Outlawz, it's Makaveli be the general
And I be a soldier on a mission
Sent to do what you'll never do
And that's ride for the cause, yes I'll die for the cause
You best believe, if I'ma leave this bitch, yo I'm dyin' with yours
Kamikaze, sicker than a motherfuckin' Nazi
Got a little question for that nigga that made "Paparazzi"
If you ain't in this rap game
For the motherfuckin' cash, mane
Then what is your motherfuckin' purpose? None can serve us
E.D.I. Mean, born worthless
That's until the day I decided to bomb first, bitch!

[Bridge: 2Pac]
Biatch! Come on, bring it, down with it!
Then we ride
Come on, bring it
Bomb first when we ride
Hey, get that nigga!

[Verse 3: Young Noble]
Your style wack as ever, like you was rockin' patent leather
Causin' massive terror, y'all niggas lack, you ain't thorough
Half rapper, half drug kingpin
You're tellin' fairy tales, dunn
"King of New York" like you the motherfuckin' one?
But I'm from Jers' and we don't play that shit
From the Clare down to North Bricks
All my niggas flippin’ chips, gettin’ rich, even though it's hard
Tryin' to creep through these halls and brawls
Without scarred by a revolve
With no warning signs, ‘cause yo, my man took five
Now I'm the young one with the 9 ready to put in my time

[Outro: 2Pac]
Shoot first, look at their head, burst bleeding
Don't want to hear no shit this evening, believe me
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
G's and thug niggas on the rise
Plan, plot, strategize, and bomb first
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
G's and thug niggas on the rise
Plan, plot, strategize, and bomb first

[Start of "Hail Mary"]
Let us pray, my nigga
'Cause we definitely have sinned



[Verse 1]
Okay, it's Childish Gambino, homegirl drop it like the NASDAQ
Move white girls like there’s coke up my asscrack
Move black girls cause, man, fuck it, I’ll do either
I love pussy, I love bitches, dude, I should be runnin’ PETA
In Adidas, with some short shorts, B-O-O all over me
My green is where it's supposed to be, your green is in my grocery
This Asian dude, I stole his girl, and now he got that Kogi beef
My dick is like an accent mark, it’s all about the over Es
Hot like a parked car
I sound weird, like "nigga" with a hard 'R'
Fly like the logo on my cousin’s 440
Eatin’ Oreos like these white girls that blow me
Vodka for my ladies, whiskey for a grown man
Hangin’ in the islands, lookin’ for Earl like Toejam
I made the beat retarded, so I’m callin’ it a slow jam
Butcher and I know it, man, kill beef, go ham
These rappers are afraid of him
Cause I’m a beast, bitch, "grrr" - Invader Zim
Gambino is a call girl: fuck you, pay me
Brand new whip for these niggas like slavery
Told me I was awful and that shit did not faze me
Tell me how I suck again, my memory is hazy
“You're my favorite rapper now!” Yeah, dude, I better be
Or you can fuckin’ kiss my ass: Human Centipede
You wanna see my girl? I ain’t that dumb
You wanna see my girl? Check Maxim
"Man, why does every black actor gotta rap some?”
I don’t know, all I know is I’m the best one

[Hook]
It’s a bonfire, turn the lights out
I’m burnin’ everything you muthafuckas talk about
It’s a bonfire, turn the lights out
I’m burnin’ everything you muthafuckas talk about

[Verse 2]
You know these rapper dudes talk shit, start killin’
Fuck that, got goons like an archvillain
I’m from the South, ain’t got no accent, don’t know why
So this rap is child’s play, I do my name like Princess Di
Yeah, they say they want the realness, rap about my real life
Told me I should just quit: “First of all, you talk white!
Second off, you talk like you haven't given up yet"
Rap's stepfather, yeah, you hate me but you will respect
I put in work, ask Ludwig
Put my soul on the track like shoes did
Played this for my cousin, now he can’t even think straight
Black and white music? Now, nigga, that’s a mixtape
Shoutout to my blerds, they represent the realness
Shoutout to Gambino Girls, my dick is in the building
I know you hate me cause your little cousin play me out
I like black girls who nerdy but when they dance they be sayin' "Owwww"
I'm sorry for who followed me
Chillin’ with a Filipina, at your local Jollibee
Yeah, I’m in her ass like sodomy
So if you see my hand under the table, don’t bother me
I don't talk soft, that's that other guy
I’m screamin’ “What the fuck is up?” like I ain't seen the sky
The shit I’m doin’ this year? Insanity
Made the beat then murdered it: Casey Anthony
These rappers don’t know what to do
'Cause all I did was act me, like a Looney Tune
And I’ll give you all of me until there’s nothing left
I swear this summer will be summer Camp, bitch



[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
What are the rules for breakfast today?
What are the words I'm forbidden to say?
I need to let my hair down and grow it like a real ass bitch
A real ass bitch, bitch
What are the rules for breakfast today? (grow it like a real-)
What are the words I'm forbidden to say?  (grow it like a real-)
I need to let my hair down and grow it like a real ass bitch  (grow it like a real-)
A real ass bitch, bitch (grow it like a real-)

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
I've been beat up my whole life
I've been shot down, kicked out twice
Ain't no stoppin' me tonight
I'ma get all the things I like
I've been beat up my whole life
I've been shot down, kicked out twice
Ain't no stoppin' me tonight
I'ma get all the things I like

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
My niggas takin' over
BROCKHAMPTON, call your momma
My niggas goin' platinum
Break necks, send you to the doctor

[Verse 3: Kevin Abstract]
Best boy band since One Direction
Makin' niggas itch like a skin infection, mm
Did me wrong like a perfect stepson, mm
Been a wrong, you can change the song, hun

[Verse 4: Matt Champion]
Who got me riled up?
Who the lame ass bitch wanna talk 'bout us?
Ooh, who got me riled up?
Who the lame ass bitch wanna talk 'bout us?
Ooh, come get it from me, uh
Come get it from me, uh
Come get it from me, uh, uh, uh
Come get it from me

[Verse 5: Joba]
Break necks, I'm the chiropractor
Come on down, you know I gotcha
Real shit, feelin' saturated
Realign the spine, fuck the haters
Break necks, I'm the chiropractor
Come on down, you know I gotcha
Real shit, feelin' saturated
Realign the spine, fuck the haters

[Verse 6: Merlyn Wood]
When you see me in the street, they say "Willie, Willie!"
But you won't see me in the street, I'm like a hillbilly
I was sad 'cause nobody wanna suck my willy
Now I'm sad, everybody wanna suck my willy
When you see me in the street, they say "Willie, Willie!"
But you won't see me in the street, I'm like a hillbilly
I was sad 'cause nobody wanna suck my willy
Now I'm sad, everybody wanna suck my willy

[Verse 7: Dom McLennon]
They be like "what the fuck is you on?" when we hit the room
Move til' these niggas throw me in the tomb
Hear the sounds of the pharaoh when we spin the tunes
Everything feel right now you in the womb
Wanna motivate you in the afternoon
Top shelf money, that's my new perfume
Twist it up, light the end and inhale the fumes
I'm the one that's zoom if you just assume

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
I've been beat up my whole life
I've been shot down, kicked out twice
Ain't no stoppin' me tonight
I'ma get all the things I like
I've been beat up my whole life
I've been shot down, kicked out twice
Ain't no stoppin' me tonight
I'ma get all the things I like

[Video Outro: Dom McLennon]



[Intro: Rex Orange County & Corinne Bailey]
Zevk aldığın zamanlarda
Pencereden dışarıya doğru uç (git, git)

Zaman ayır
Bir şeyler yapmak için zaman ayır
Zaman ayır
Bir şeyler yapmak için zaman ayır
Zaman ayır
Bir şeyler yapmak için zaman ayır


[Verse 1: Rex Orange County & Anna of the North]
Can sıkıntısının yeni bir en iyi arkadaşı var
Çünkü can sıkıntısının yeni bir en iyi arkadaşı var

[Nakarat: Rex Orange County & Anna of the North]
Zaman ayır
Zaman ayır, bir şeyler yapmak için zaman ayır
Zaman ayır

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Can sıkıntısı, can sıkıntısı, can sıkıntısı
Can sıkıntısı, can sıkıntısı, can sıkıntısı
Oğlum yatak odamın zemini kahvaltılık gevrek cenazesi, ciddiyim
Hepsini yedim, boş kutular, bedenler, evet onları yakaladım
Eğer gerçek yemek hakkında konuşuyorsak bunu mideme sor, daha önce hiç görmedi
Çok uzun zamandır bu siktiğimin odasındayım
Gözlerim kuru bir duvara dönmeye başladı
Arkadaşlarım boktan, onları siktir et, aştım onları
"Selam herkese, bütün gün boyunca aramadınız, sorun ne? Ben miyim?
Çünkü sorunum çözülmedi, ben .... sıkkınım."

[Nakarat: Rex Orange County & Anna of the North]
Zaman ayır
Bir şeyler yapmak için zaman ayır
Zaman ayır
Bir şeyler yapmak için zaman ayır
Zaman ayır
Bir şeyler yapmak için zaman ayır

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
Sıkıldım ve zamanla daha da çaresiz hale geliyorum
Telefon çekmiyor, umarım birisi içinde beni de dahil ettiği eğlenceli planını mesaj atar
Çünkü bu duvarların çıkışını sabahtan beri görmedim
Sabahtan, sabahtan, sabahtan, sabahtan
Sürebileceğim arabalarım var ancak boş yollar yok
Midem kızgın ve bağırıyor, yemeğe ihtiyacım var, sipariş verebilirim
Ancak tek başıma yemekten nefret ediyorum
Birisine ihtiyacım var, otoparklarda takılabiliriz
Gün batımının kenarında, evet
Ringy dingy dong (kapı zili sesi), artık yalnız olamam
Artık kimseyi tanımıyormuş gibi hissetmeye başladım
Şu anda tavanıma bakıyorum ve bu böyle gidiyor
Nereye gittiğimi bilmediğim gibi
Tik tak
(Lanet olsun, buradan çıkmam lazım.)


[Hook: Rex Orange County, Anna of the North and Tyler, the Creator]
Zaman ayır
Bir şeyler yapmak için zaman ayır
(Hey, bana hızlıca yardım edebilir misiniz?)
Zaman ayır
Bir şeyler yapmak için zaman ayır
Zaman ayır
Bir şeyler yapmak için zaman ayır


[Bridge: Tyler, the Creator & Anna of the North]
Çünkü can sıkıntısının yeni bir en iyi arkadaşı var
Can sıkıntısının yeni bir en iyi arkadaşı var
Çünkü can sıkıntısının yeni bir en iyi arkadaşı var

[Outro: Rex Orange County]
Zaman ayır, zaman ayır
Zaman ayırmam lazım, zaman ayırmam lazım
Zaman ayıracağım, zaman ayıracağım
Zaman ayırmam lazım, zaman ayırmam lazım
Zaman ayıracağım, zaman ayıracağım
Zaman ayırmam lazım, zaman ayırmam lazım
Zaman ayıracağım, zaman ayıracağım
Zaman, zaman, zaman, zaman
Zaman, zaman, zaman, zaman
Zaman, zaman, zaman, zaman
Zaman, zaman, zaman



[Intro: Rex Orange County & Corinne Bailey]
When you're having fun, fun
Time flies, time flies, time flies
When you're having fun (time flies)
Out the window (it goes, goes, goes)

[Hook: Rex Orange County]
Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
Find some time to do something
Ah

[Verse 1: Rex Orange County & Anna of the North]
Boredom got a new best friend
(Boredom, boredom, best friend)
Cause boredom got a new best friend (oh, oh, oh)
Boredom got a new best friend
Na-na-na, na-na-na, oh-na-na-na
Oh, oh, oh

[Hook: Rex Orange County & Anna of the North]
Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
(Find some time, oh)

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Boredom, boredom, boredom, boredom
Boredom, boredom, boredom, boredom
Boy, my bedroom floor is a cereal burial, I'm serious
I ate 'em all, dry boxes, bodies, yeah I caught 'em
If we're talkin' 'bout real meals, ask my stomach, he ain't saw 'em
I've been in this fuckin' room so long
My eyeballs are turning to drywall
My friends suck, fuck 'em, I'm over 'em
"Hi y'all, y'all ain't hit me all day
What the fuck is the problem? Is it me?
'Cause I'm not solved, I'm... bored."

[Hook: Rex Orange County & Anna of the North]
Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
Find some time to do something
(Oh)

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
Bored and getting desperate as hell
(Desperate, using, texting, amusing)
Cellular not amusing and I hope someone will
Message me with some plans that are amusing as well
Cause I haven’t seen the exit of these walls since before this morning
Morning, morning, morning, morning
(Morning, ohh, what the fuck?)
Got some cars I can handle but nowhere for performance
My stomach angry and yellin', I need some food, I could order
But I hate eating solo
Need someone, we can loiter in parking lots
As sunsets at the border, yeah
Ringy dingy dong, I can't be alone
I been starting to feel like I don't know anyone
So now I'm staring at my ceiling fuckin' going
Like I have no idea where I'm going
Tick tock
(Damn, gotta get outta here)

[Hook: Rex Orange County, Anna of the North and Tyler, the Creator]
Find some time
Find some time to do something
(Hey, can y'all help me right quick?)
Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
Find some time to do something
(Oh)

[Bridge: Tyler, the Creator & Anna of the North]
Cause boredom got a new best friend
Boredom got a new best friend
Cause boredom got a new best friend
Tick tock

[Outro: Rex Orange County]
Find some time, find some time
Gotta find some time, find some time
Gonna find some, find some time
Gotta find some time, find some time
Gonna find some, find some time
Gotta find some time, find some time
Gonna find some, find some time
Time, time, time, time
Time, time, time, time
Time, time, time, time
Time, time, time

[Shane Powers]
"Ride's over, we got some tickets to see s-"



[Intro: Ponderosa Twins Plus One & Brenda Lee]
B-b-b-b-bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love
Uh-huh, honey

[Refrain: Kanye West]
All them other niggas lame, and you know it now
When a real nigga hold you down, you s'posed to drown

[Chorus: Ponderosa Twins Plus One, Brenda Lee & Kanye West]
Bound to fall in love
B-b-b-b-bound to fall in love (bound)
Uh-huh, honey

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
What you doin' in the club on a Thursday?
She say she only here for her girl birthday
They ordered champagne but still look thirsty
Rock Forever 21 but just turned thirty
I know I got a bad reputation
Walking-round-always-mad reputation
Leave-a-pretty-girl-sad reputation
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation
I turnt the nightclub out of the basement
I'll turn the plane around, your ass keep complainin'
How you gon' be mad on vacation?
Dutty wining 'round all these Jamaicans
Uh, this that prom shit
This that what-we-do-don't-tell-your-mom shit
This that red-cup-all-on-the-lawn shit
Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitch

[Bridge: Charlie Wilson & Brenda Lee]
I know you're tired of lovin', of lovin'
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody (Uh-huh, honey)

[Chorus: Kanye West, Ponderosa Twins Plus One & Brenda Lee]
Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches
Bound (Bound to fall in love)
Bound (Bound to fall in love)
Uh-huh, honey

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I wanna fuck you hard on the sink
After that, give you somethin' to drink
Step back, can't get spunk on the mink
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Hey, you remember where we first met?
Okay, I don't remember where we first met
But hey, admittin' is the first step
And hey, you know ain't nobody perfect
And I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep
But hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect
And hey, ayo, we made it: Thanksgivin'
So hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas
She asked me what I wished for on my wishlist
Have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
Maybe we could still make it to the church steps
But first, you gon' remember how to forget
After all these long-ass verses
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept

[Bridge: Charlie Wilson & Brenda Lee]
I know you're tired of lovin', of lovin'
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody
So just grab somebody, no leavin' this party
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody
Uh-huh, honey

[Chorus: Kanye West, Ponderosa Twins Plus One, & Brenda Lee]
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Bound to fall in love
Bound
Bound to fall in love
Bound
Uh-huh, honey

[Produced by Kanye West and Che Pope with additional production from Eric Danchild, Noah Goldstein, No ID and Mike Dean]

[Video directed by Nick Knight]



[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys

[Verse 1: Ameer Vann & Merlyn Wood]
I feel just like Zayn, I feel just like Harry
I cop it and I flip it, have it sittin' on pirellis
Me and all my niggas, Southside One Direction
Tens and tens and tens and tens, got lens that make direction
Flow to my location, lowkey I'm in Cali
Just avoiding my probation, fuck your jurisdiction
Fuck the Federales, sold out by my father
He gon' feel the karma when I get the, get the commas, nigga
I don't have, I don't have no fear, nigga
Buy the ounce, sellin' ounces over here, nigga
I don't lie, I just bought a whole grill
Arguing with my bitch, my whip sit twenty-six, nigga

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
Lowkey I'm a heartthrob and I ain't drop an album yet
I'm something like a poster, sitting on your girl's wall
And something about my face make her take her clothes off
Y'all say y'all got bitches but y'all bitches make my dick soft
Why y'all always mad cause I'm feeling myself?
What the fuck you mean, I can't feel myself?
Old girl suburban, but now I'm on to new things
Ego like celebrity, but real like a dope fiend
Tanning out in Hollywood, got Chantel's on my coattails
From motels to hotels, I'm good, bitch I'm good
From hotels to motels, I'm good, bitch I'm good
From hotels to motels, I'm good, bitch I'm good

[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys

[Bridge: Merlyn Wood]
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
In the city I'm a menace, I give CEO's the business
Marathons I gotta finish, foreign whip is speaking Yiddish
Lately, I been feeling vicious, why y'all crying like some infants?
You don't wanna be a witness?
Then you better mind your fucking business
All these crumbs on my denim, we the only dogs spitting venom
Been some years I tried to tell them
But they wanted me to be the villain
They just wanted me to lose, ones I loved would make me choose
Had to cut the ones I thought I'd take to the top
Just so I could make a move
Dropped out of college, smoking the same campus
Tell me 'bout limits
Last year I was suicidal, took those thoughts and tried to kill it
Used to avoid, used to being paranoid, huffin' with my boys
Pack it up, I shake the world like asteroids
Give me love before you try to give me noise, I destroy

[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys
Hella boys say, hella boys say, hella boys

[Outro: Merlyn Wood & Joba]
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me
They say that they want me, they forgot about me



[Produced by Peter Cottontale]

[Verse 1]
Here’s a tab of acid for your ear
You’re the plastic, I’m the passion and the magic in the air
The flabbergasted avalanche of ambulances near
The labyrinth of Pan’s Lab is adamantly here
No assignments, book of rhyming and I’m drawing doodles
I should rhyme rhyme with Ramen Noodles
Ramadan, I’m the don of the diamond jewels
Fond of finding a way to kindly tell these toddlers toodles
I’m a kamikaze and I’m a kinda cuckoo
I could write a fucking book, non kamasutral
You niggas goofies, it's a conflict that is kinda crucial
Caught you on the 9 in all blue yelling I’m a neutral
But I’ma let the bull pass like matadors
Versus a Minotaur, verse is a metaphor
Metamorphoses and I’ma fuckin animorph
I used to go to school with Anna Fedele & Danny Whorf
Remember I used to bang with the bad ones
'Til my grandmama told on her grandson
Mama said that I was way too handsome
To be throwing the hand’s son, breaking walls like Samson
But I’ma throw a tantrum 'til I’m on every Samsung
Sanyo and handheld and handgun
Please put ya lighter’s up 'til life is up and light it up
And slice a cut, the night is young, it’s nice enough
The nicest blunt, the nicest stuff
My niggas out here trapping a lot
I know you think you on, hiding Reggie sacks in your socks
I hang with niggas, whole jab in the jock
.4’s for 15, yeah my nigga, we be taxing a lot
Only the goofies though, choking on a doobie though
My eyes do be low, two be rolled, remember days of the Rufio
Remember the Days of Chan-Man and the Skeeter Man
Brrang dang to Lil' B and bang a-rang to Peter Pan
IGH! Nigga
I burned, I, I bu-, I bu-, I burned
I burned, I, I, I burned
Br-br-br, hahahah

[Hook]
I burned too many brain cells down
To be worried bout my brain cells now, nigga
I burned too many brain cells down
To be worried bout my brain cells now, now now now
I burned too many brain cells down
To be worried bout my brain cells now, IGH!
I burned too many brain cells down
Down down down down down

[Verse 2]
Light a joint, or spliff it if you classy
Split a swisha witcha nigga if you ask me
Ain’t no questions hit it vividly and pass me
Don’t answer about your problems
Or your issues or your Ashleys
It’s a quarter to imminent, ten minutes to infinite
Rims, Henny, and reminisce, nostalgia and M&M's
Cinnamon tone women and feminine’s getting intimate
All broads is frivolous, homies could get they dividends
Is he illiterate, literal syndicate
Illegitimate, idiot, gangbanger affiliate
Sick twisted prick, sick sadistic
Son of a biscuit, man fuck this shit
IGH! I burned too many brain cells down
I burned, I burned, hahah
I burned too many brain cells down
Burned too many brain cells down, sing it with me

[Hook]
I burned too many brain cells down
To be worried bout my brain cells now
I burned too many brain cells down
Burned too many brain cells down, no no
I burned too many brain cells down
To be worried bout my brain cells now, nigga
I burned too many brain cells down
Burned too many brain cells down
I burned too many brain cells down
To be worried bout my brain cells now, oh no
I burned too many brain cells down
To be worried bout my brain cells now, fuck 'em
I burned too many brain cells down
To be worried bout my brain cells now
I burned too many brain cells down
I burned too many brain cells down



[Hook: Ludacris]
Yeah, breathe in, breathe out
If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull ya keys out
Girls go wild and pull ya D's out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull the piece out niggas like "Peace out!"

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Golly, more of that bullshit ice rap
I got to 'pologize to Mos and Kweli (probably)
But is it cool to rap about gold
If I told the world I copped it from Ghana and Mali? (Mali!)
First nigga with a Benz and a backpack
Ice chain, Carti lens, and a knapsack
Always said if I rapped I'd say somethin' significant
But now I'm rappin' 'bout money, hoes, and rims again
And it's still about the Benjamins
Big faced hundreds and whatever other synonyms
Strippers named Cinnamon, more chips than Pentium
"What'cha gon' buy next?" Whatever new trend it is
I'm tryin' to spend my stacks, and I'm so broke
I look back like "Damn, was I on crack?"
I mean, twelve platinum chains, was I on that?
What the hell was wrong with me dog?
Sing along with me y'all

[Hook: Ludacris]
Yeah, breathe in, breathe out
If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull ya keys out
Girls go wild and pull ya D's out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull the piece out niggas like "Peace out!"

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Now even though I went to college
And dropped out of school quick
I always had a Ph.D: a pretty huge dick
Ladies tired of gettin' ripped off by guys like this
And givin' head is like a whale that's usin' a toothpick
Well, I'm in the club for a limited time
Act now and get some action for a $free.99
Later on I might charge for ménage
Heard her man was the boss of the floss
But she still want to toss me the drawers
And it ain't gon' cost me because she my caddy
Cuz she grabbed my golf balls in the club
And I'm still actin' calm den-a-muhh, she asked
"Can you drive me in the hundreds where my Altima was?"
While we drive she tellin' me 'bout problems with her man
Baby, I fully understand, let me help you with a plan
While he trickin' off, don't get no rich nigga
Give me some head, that'll really piss him off

[Hook: Ludacris]
Yeah, breathe in, breathe out
If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull ya keys out
Girls go wild and pull ya D's out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull the piece out niggas like "Peace out!"

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I blow past low class niggas with no cash
In the four dot six, bitch you can go ask
So when I go fast popo just laugh
Right until I run out of gas or 'til I go crash
Whatever comes first I'm prepared for the worst
Whatever comes second I'll be there with my weapon
Pullin' up in the Lexuses, one on both hand
So I guess them GSes was ambidextrous
Coulda sworn her breasteses was sendin' me messages
"K I need a free hand mammogram
I got weed, drink, and a Handicam
All of which is legal in Amsterdam"
So say my name like Candyman
And I'mma come and fix you up like the handyman
But if you don't need a fix, girl you gotta leave
You can't take that all at one time ya gotta breathe

[Hook: Ludacris]
Yeah, breathe in, breathe out
If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull ya keys out
Girls go wild and pull ya D's out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull the piece out niggas like "Peace out!"

[Outro]
"And you say Chi city?" scratched repeatedly



Ghetto in the way I drink
Uncle, uncle, my ship sank
Ghetto in the way I think
Hide my troubles, my shit don't stink
Ghetto in the way I move
Watch me groove, Imma sing my blues
Ghetto in the way I talk

My auntie still give God the glory
Shot by the book depository
Never heard one of grandfather’s stories
Permanent sadness, constant mourning
22 grandkids, one apartment
Turn the stove on cause we done with darkness
Social workers don't want sons with fathers
When they visit, people bite they tongue the hardest
Magnet programs, baccalaureate
Illinois, Texas, Californian
Half a hand drum, half accordian
Eagle, phoenix, dragon, scorpion
Native American, Merovingian
Made of black bones and a rare obsidian
10 feet tall, not scared of any men
Might blow up but will not go flat
They do not know jack
They try to ask the kettle why the pot so black
Maybe little in the middle but I got yo back

Secret buried in america
Wrote it all down just to tear it up
What if there’s a god but it's scared of us?
What if there’s a god but it's scared of us?
So they pairing up
They just sit there and stare at us
What if there’s a god but they scared of us?
What if there’s a god but they scared of us?

My mama’s nose
My daddy’s eyes
Accent that I
Don't recognize
I'm extra fly
I'm extra big
And I did everything that
I must've did
And I'm just a kid
And I'm hella old
I collect my blood in a Jello mold
And forever fold
To the nth dimension
Too cool
Too cool
In school suspension
Late for work
Cause I stayed awake
I didn't go to church
But they made a plate
We don't say a word
When they debate
Or whether god exists
Or whether Masons pray to an obelisk
Cause I got the gist
The unlocked abyss
Of where the knowledge is
I seen the angles
How they complement
Subatomic particles do not commit, come on

Ghetto in the way I drink
Uncle, uncle, my ship sank
Ghetto in the way I think
Hide my troubles my shit don't stink
Ghetto in the way I talk



[Intro: Dave Hollister]
Brenda's got a baby

[Verse: 2Pac]
I hear Brenda's got a baby, but Brenda's barely got a brain
A damn shame, the girl can hardly spell her name
"That's not our problem, that's up to Brenda's family"
Well, let me show you how it affects our whole community
Now Brenda really never knew her moms
And her dad was a junkie, puttin' death into his arms
It's sad, 'cause I bet Brenda doesn't even know
Just 'cause you're in the ghetto doesn't mean you can't grow
But oh, that's a thought, my own revelation
Do whatever it takes to resist the temptation
Brenda got herself a boyfriend
Her boyfriend was her cousin, now let's watch the joy end
She tried to hide her pregnancy, from her family
Who really didn't care to see, or give a damn if she
Went out and had a church of kids
As long as when the check came they got first dibs
Now Brenda's belly's gettin' bigger
But no one seems to notice any change in her figure
She's twelve years old and she's havin' a baby
In love with a molester, who's sexin' her crazy
And yet and she thinks that he'll be with her forever
And dreams of a world where the two of them are together
Whatever, he left her and she had the baby solo
She had it on the bathroom floor and didn't know, so
She didn't know what to throw away and what to keep
She wrapped the baby up and threw him in a trash heap
I guess she thought she'd get away, wouldn't hear the cries
She didn't realize how much the little baby had her eyes
Now the baby's in the trash heap, bawlin'
Momma can't help her, but it hurt to hear her callin'
Brenda wants to run away
Momma say you makin' me lose pay
There's social workers here every day
Now Brenda's gotta make her own way
Can't go to her family, they won't let her stay
No money, no babysitter, she couldn't keep a job
She tried to sell crack but end up gettin' robbed
So now, what's next? There ain't nothin' left to sell
So she sees sex as a way of leavin' hell
It's payin' the rent, so she really can't complain
Prostitute, found slain, and Brenda's her name
She's got a baby



[Intro: Sample from Shaolin vs. Wu Tang]
“Shaolin shadowboxing and the Wu-Tang sword style. If what you say is true, the Shaolin and the Wu-Tang could be dangerous. Do you think your Wu-Tang sword can defeat me?”
“En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style.”

[Chorus: RZA]
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!

[Verse 1: Ghostface Killah]
Ghostface catch the blast of a hype verse
My Glock burst, leave in a hearse, I did worse
I come rough, tough like an elephant tusk
Your head rush, fly like Egyptian musk
Aww shit, Wu-Tang Clan spark the wicks, an'
However I master the trick just like Nixon
Causin' terror, quick damage your whole era
Hard rocks is locked the fuck up, or found shot
P.L.O. style, hazardous, 'cause I wreck this dangerous
I blow sparks like Waco, Texas

[Verse 2: Raekwon]
I watch my back like I'm locked down
Hardcore-hittin' sound
Watch me act bugged and tear down
Illiterate-type asshole, songs goin' gold
No doubt, and you watch a corny nigga fold
Yeah, they fake and all that, carryin' gats
But yo, my Clan rollin' like forty macks
Now you act convinced, I guess it makes sense
Wu-Tang, yo, soooo represent!
I wait for one to act up, now I got him backed up
Gun to his neck now, react what?
And that's one in the chamber, Wu-Tang banger
36 styles of danger

[Chorus: RZA]
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
So bring it on!

[Verse 3: Inspectah Deck]
I rip it hardcore, like porno-flick bitches
I roll with groups of ghetto bastards with biscuits
Check it, my method on the microphone's bangin'
Wu-Tang slang'll leave your headpiece hangin'
Bust this, I'm kickin' like Seagal: Out for Justice
The roughness, yes, the rudeness, ruckus
Redrum, I verbally assault with the tongue
Murder One, my style shocks your knot like a stun gun
I'm hectic, I wreck it with the quickness
Set it on the microphone, and competition get blown
By this nasty-ass nigga with my nigga, the RZA
Charged like a bull and got pulled like a trigga
So bad, stabbin' up the pad with the vocab, crab
I scream on your ass like your dad, bring it on...

[Chorus: RZA]
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!

[Verse 4: GZA]
Yo, I'm more rugged than slave man boots
New recruits, I'm fuckin' up MC troops
I break loose, and trample shit, while I stomp
A mudhole in that ass 'cause I'm straight out the swamp
Creepin' up on site, now it's Fright Night
My Wu-Tang slang is mad fuckin' dangerous
And more deadly than the stroke of an axe
Choppin' through your back *swish*
Givin' bystanders heart attacks
Niggas try to flip, tell me, who is him?
I blow up his fuckin' prism, make it a vicious act of terrorism
You wanna bring it, so fuck it, come on and bring the ruckus!
And I provoke niggas to kick buckets
I'm wettin' cream, I ain't wettin' fame
Who sellin' cain? I'm givin' out a deadly game
It's not the Russian, it's the Wu-Tang crushin' roulette
Slip up and get fucked like Suzette
Bring da fuckin' ruckus!

[Chorus: RZA]
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!

[Outro]
“En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style.”
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on, punk nigga!



[Hook: Trouble]
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, yeah
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, yeah
Don't wanna have to chase you down 'bout them stack
'Cause I will blow ya back, bring it back, this ho here throw it back

[Verse: Tyler, The Creator]
Ayo, Converse selling out they got their thumbs tied
Re-up on my deal, let's make it 1-5
And I ain't talking point, that gorilla if I point
He gon' get you, that's the point no lie
Hit the gas and we outta there (skrrt)
Like it's mountain wear, lately, I've been dolo in this bitch
Shoutout Solo, that's big sis, shoutout Frankie, that's big bro
Ya lil' homie running shit, no question
Casio the mothafuckin' watch
800 in a day, my boy, that's just one drop
Invest in stocks, that's the other plan
Two-story bed, I hit the running man
Baby boy, no photo, long sleeve, my polo
Casio, no Rolo', Parmesan, my bolo
VVS my necky, necky heavy flooded
We done broke them levees, anything for Fetti
But don't let it get to you, these niggas tripping
They shoe in the gutter, they gonna ruin their future shit that
They doing like, flexin' on the 'Gram about a bank deposit (hmm)
Yeah, that shit addicting, shit is hypnotizing (hmm)
Claiming that you rich, like, bitch we know you lying (yuh)
What yo backyard look like? What your mama driving?
Mane, call me flame, I'm lighting niggas I'm an animal, fuck is tame?
Young wild nigga, it's the WANG (it's them GOLF boys)
G boy, jeez boy, he that boy, boy, you a decoy (yuh)
Fuckboy, heard you want beef, bitch, you eat soy
Us and them and we ain't got time, bitch, I'm Pink Floyd, yuh
Sapphire's gelatin, niggas is repetitive
AmEx 'cause my pockets is what I can't fit my cheddar in
Sleeping on me, sedative, who these niggas better than?
Is the answer me? Hmm? Uh, no, negative, yuh

[Outro: Trouble & Tyler, The Creator]
Ounces in my mothafuckin' pantry (yeah)
Diamonds on a young nigga, dancin', yeah
Just dropped some bandos on some glasses, yeah
(Golf boys in this shit)
Just dropped your bitch off, man, that hoe so nasty
(Shout out to Trouble)
Huh, all about that paper, can't miss a beat, yeah
(Shout out to Drake, shout out to Mike WiLL)
I'ma get some Cho-Cho, one thing 'bout me, yeah
Gossip all that hoe shit, miss me with that
I could put you front line, just bring it back



[Intro]
DADDY NO!

[Verse 1: Tyler]
Nigga know me, I'm a gangsta
Stab babies, I'm a crip
Wearin red,blue flag on my tag
Wearin thongs my jeans sag
Nigga, bring that mothafuckin synth in
My girlfreind like white men
Thats why I keep white friends
I'm in a Buick, my homie in a white Benz

[Hook]
Nigga bring the high hat in
Nigga bring the high hat in
Nigga bring the high hat in
Nigga bring it

[Verse 2: Tyler]
We wearin bapes on our mothafuckin toes
I got bapes for yo mothafuckin hoes
Nigga, nigga sayin please
I be eatin macaroni and cheese
I put salt on mine
Y'all niggas wastin time
Look at me got a fresh hairline
Got no hair cut with no headline

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jasper]
Uh, nigga take the high hat out
Put ya dick in take the high hat out
Put your hat hat all up in my damn mouth
Take the high hat out now we headed down south
We headed up north with them horses
Eatin hay cus ain't got porsches
We don't do nothin' but this
All up in your granny tub eatin grits
In the kitchen

[Verse 4: Tyler]
Nigga im crippin
Don't ask me what Im doin if im limpin
That mean that cripple is simple
Like this beat is simple
Bitch with the weed, come over here
Bitches with real hair gotta go
If you ain't wearin fake shit from the swap meet
Bitch you ain't gettin on the floor
Bitch with no panties, all up in the mothafuckin club
Now gimmie them diapers,you on yo period
Bitch im serious
You on yo period,(yeah)bitch im serious
I smell panties, my boy Ace



AlbumsSATURATION (2017)
SATURATION II (2017)
SATURATION III (2017)
iridescence (2018)
MixtapesALL-AMERICAN TRASH (2016)
Singles"Bet I" (2015)
"Hero" (2015)
"Dirt" (2015)
"FLIP MO" (2016)
"CANNON" (2017)
"FACE" (2017)
"HEAT" (2017)
"GOLD" (2017)
"STAR" (2017)
"BOYS" (2017)
"LAMB" (2017)
"GUMMY" (2017)
"SWAMP" (2017)
"JUNKY" (2017)
"SWEET" (2017)
"FOLLOW" (2017)
"BOOGIE" (2017)
"STAINS" (2017)
"1999 WILDFIRE" (2018)
"1998 TRUMAN" (2018)
"1997 DIANA" (2018)
Tour VideosJennifer's Tour (2017)
CHICAGO, IL - JENNIFER'S TOUR, A LIVE SHOW BY BROCKHAMPTON 2017
TORONTO, ON - JENNIFER'S TOUR, A LIVE SHOW BY BROCKHAMPTON 2017
TEXAS, USA - JENNIFER'S TOUR, A LIVE SHOW BY BROCKHAMPTON 2017

Love Your Parents Tour (2018)
Love Your Parents Tour: Texas | BROCKHAMPTON
Love Your Parents Tour: Tampa | BROCKHAMPTON
Love Your Parents Tour: NYC | BROCKHAMPTON
Other ProjectsALL-AMERICAN TRASH DOCUMENTARY (2016)
AMERICAN BOYBAND (2017)



[Intro/Hook]
{Know you broke my heart woman}
{When you said goodbye to me}
You say goodbye to me bitch, you better break North
Before you six South and I'll be sitting in that big house

[Verse 1]
Just let me sharpen my knives, thrown on the apron
X's mark the steak and the salad crumbled with bacon
And bleu cheese, caramel complexion's on two knees
Or two skis, carving up the Alps is what this dude needs
I'm Rick the Model, Martel to cartel
Live fast and eat the big tuna like Billy Parcells
No more child's play kid you with the big boys
Fuck an economy size, we want that big Royce
My family's sayin' that I rhyme with fury
Only focus on them hundred bill faces and suitcases
That'll bribe a jury, grind the curry never shine the jewelry
Pussy like an eighty-six style, you know it's fine and furry
Spark the bark in the park, you know, lumberyard
You ain't never in the limelight, undercard
Bronsolini in the sky, thunder rod
Commandante of this rap shit, your Mossad, killer

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
The second stanza even deadly than the first
From the birth, I've been enlisted to plant seeds in the earth
That's soon road to a valley that feeds, civilization
I'm walking the torrid land though I'm seeking my vindication from
My bad, I'll keep it fifth grade, keep the switchblade
Hilfiger sailin' apparel and plus a crisp fade
First day class, the Agassis are black and white
My older cousin puffing pot bitch, pass the pipe
Now I'm a certified user, more like abuser
Slice and dice the music I'm fluid like the yakuza
I'm Sanders whether Deion or Barry, find candy
Though I smoke until my eyes are the shape of Tia Carrere
My team we work as a unit, nobody hide the ball up
Great intuition and vision, no time to hit the mall up
Just a taste of the life like a September call up
Johnnie Walker in our tall cup, getting torn up
Listen - I'm steel fisted with the iron lung
Heavy metal ballads out the guitar with lion's run
Praise the son that can stand on his own two
Smoke on the big blunt, take a sip of this home-brew

[Hook}



I'm swaggin bitch, I'm iced out
Oh u mad bitch cause I'm laying on the couch
Smoke a blunt, fuck a bitch in the butt I'm bossin
Don't give a fuck, I'm never on slauson
I'm fly bitch,I should poke u in yo eye bitch
Got the burner bitch, bow,bow
You dead bitch,I'm hot as fuck, I ain't never cold, but I;m
Icy bitch!
My Bitch Suck Dick Like She Suck Dick
Got the bops in the house
Socking bitches in they mouth
See my neck, iced the fuck out
Im getting money nigga
At the fucking mall, 40 bitches on my nutsack
Pull up on a muthafucking unicorn
Im getting ponies nigga
Wolf gang nigga scream that till them
Muthafuckas show me death
Golf wang nigga, free earl betta show some
Muthafucking
Respect
All this is ice around my neck
All this ice around my dick
Gun to her head make yo bitch massage my
Shoulders bitch
Shut up bitch
Suck my dick
U fucking bop
U better swallow it
I got a chain with a fucking platinum plaque on it
Is that a 100 dollar bill I'll shit on it
I bought a fucking whale
Cause I'm ballin
Yo bitch works for me
She's my dishwasher
Swag on my dick
30 thousand million
Nigga, nigga, nigga
U boppin bitch, u like this dick?
We all know why, cause u's a boppin bitch
I gots da burner, I'll pop u in yo lip
Zoom zoom yah, I'm going fast bitch
I'm loud as fuck, I'm ignorant
Punch a bitch in her mouth just for talking shit
You lurking bitch, well I see that shit, once again I got to
Punch a bitch in her shit
I'm icy bitch, look at my wrist, because if you do, I might
Blind you bitch
Mount everest ain't fucking with my fucking wrist
Fuck global warming, this a ice age bitch



(Yeah... You feel alright?)

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
God, goodness gracious
I can't wait to see the look on y'all niggas faces
That boy T nuts, surprised his thoughts isn't chafing
Fuck them crackers up at Mountain Dew them niggas is racist
Cabbage was made, critic faggots was shook
So I told 'em that I'll exchange the word "faggot" with "book"
And all them "books" is pissed off and had their page in a bunch
Fuckin' attitude switched just like a "book" when it struts
But, I'm a fraud I pray to God when the six triple "book" bashin'
While me and my favorite author's lips tickle
Peter Parker pick a pack of peppers when the plot thickens
Tyler, The Creator fuckin' kill you with a popsicle
Cold blooded so we rock mittens so they won't find him
Not kiddin' keep the Tommy on me bitch, I'm Ms. Pickles
Said I seem off, last time that team talked
Sick of making niggas cabbage so I took the 'preme off
Should've bought some stock in it
(Yo it's fucked up, I get it, put a sock in it)
Not Golf when the little homies don't, wait,let's weigh my options
I bought me a mansion, and bought some attention
Ain't give none to Hopsin,and dear Boyce Watkins
Why you mad? It's the slave in me
It's facts boy I'm back like Rosa Parks's least favorite seat
Videos, stage dives, popups, they watching T'
While y'all niggas watchin' the throne, the throne be watching me

[Interlude: Shane Powers]
If you fuck this up
There are so many fuckin' kids right now, listenin' to this guy
Get those wings flapping motherfucker!
'Cause this kid's ready to fucking fly

[Break: Tyler, The Creator]
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo, nigger nigger on the wall
Rap bars, jail bars, die or shoot a basketball
Tyler, the dark skin, arrested in Austin
Cops know who I was cause their kid said the show was awesome

[Interlude: Shane Powers]
Tyler, Tyler, I swear to, I swear to fuck! If you fucking...
Do NOT fuck this up!
You have the whole world in your fucking hands

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
How many leaders in the house?
Well can somebody bring the mirrors out? I'm getting lonely
Likes and apologies and snaps make it obvious
That everybody on this fucking planet lackin' confidence
How many leaders in the house? (Do not fuck this up!)
Well can somebody bring the camera out so I can film me
T a great director nigga's vision must be blurry
Boy I get them epic shots like jaywalkin' in Missouri
Wait... How many leaders in the house?
Well can't somebody bring my album out so I can hear one
Pour me a drink, shit I don't know what to think
Cause all these niggas leaning like they Forest Whitaker's blink
Wait... How many leaders in the house?
See why nobody got they hands up, see that's the issue



[Intro: Matt Champion]
Tuggin' on my pinky ring, smelling like chrysanthemum
I just want that, I just want that bump, bump in my trunk
Blowing skunk, getting crunk with my baby, oh, what's up?
Bump, bump in my trunk, bump, bump in my trunk

[Verse 1: Merlyn Wood]
We gon' ride, ride, ride down to Mexico
You can see the bad man, I'll come to New York
You can't catch him though
You can see the bad man, I'll come to New York
You can't catch him though
We gon' ride white lines all the way to Mexico
Merlyn! Merlyn!

[Refrain: Kevin Abstract]
And when this ends
At least I'll have a reason to live
And when this ends
At least I'll have a reason to live (ahh!)

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
I've been trappin' out my momma house, dope boy
Money keep the water and the lights on, spray it like it's Lysol
Your bitch don't like the dark so we fuckin' with the lights on
I fuck her with my chains on, you the one I changed on
I just won the ghetto lottery, I guess I'm hood rich
Chillin' at the gallo, smokin' Blacks with my hood bitch
You ain't what you could be, come get on this dope dick
I sell it by the gram, now tell me who you fuck with

[Refrain: Kevin Abstract]
And when this ends
At least I'll have a reason to live
And when this ends
At least I'll have a reason to live  (ahh!)

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
Watch me, watch me, watch me, watch me, watch me operate
I ain't here to talk now, nigga, we ain't gonna conversate
This modern terrorism, you can't moderate
I've been fiendin' time to put these demons on display
'Cause they don't understand, I don't give a damn
Smoke some shit straight outta Alice in Wonderland
BROCKHAMPTON the clan, bitch, I ain't your man!
Like they're stacking just to crumble like an avalanche
This is how it stand, this is how it is
Bitch, I ain't your friend, I ain't havin' kids!
'Cause I know that if I'm gon' bring 'em in the world
My little spawns of Satan just might take off with your fucking girl

[Chorus: Matt Champion]
Bump, bump in my trunk, bump, bump, bump, bump
Bump, bump in my trunk, bump, bump in my trunk
Bump, bump in my trunk, bump, bump, bump, bump
Bump, bump in my trunk, bump, bump in my trunk

[Refrain: Kevin Abstract]
And when this ends
At least I'll have a reason to live
And when this ends
At least I'll have a reason to live
And when this ends
At least I'll have a reason to live
And when this ends
At least I'll have a reason to live



[Intro: Vince Staples]
"What's up, nigga? Why you so depressed and sad all the time like a little bitch? What's the problem, man? Niggas want to hear you rap. Don't nobody care about how you feel, we want raps, nigga."

[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt]
My grandma's passing
But I'm too busy tryna get this fuckin' album cracking to see her
So I apologize in advance if anything should happen (Cut that bitch off)
And my priorities fucked up, I know it, I'm afraid I'm going to blow it
And when them expectations raising because daddy was a poet, right?
Talk all you want, I'm taking no advice, nigga
I'm 'bout to relish in this anguish, and I'm stressing over payment
So don't tell me that I made it, only relatively famous
In the midst of a tornado, misfitted, I'm Clark Gable
I'm not stable, abrasive as fuck and they all
Pay me, I'm chuckling cross-faded in public
Heart racing 'til blunt is lit like, "He don't give a fuck again, right?"

[Interlude: Vince Staples]
"Hey Thebe, nigga, what's up nigga? I heard you back, I need them raps, nigga. I need the verse, I don't care about what you going through or what you gotta do nigga, I need bars, sixteen of 'em."

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
I don't fuck with too much of y'all's shit
Judging by the pants and the mall grip
Gully, in the vans with the dark tints
I'm a start-shit type nigga
Night life living
Riding in the Jeep, I'mma side-swipe niggas
What's your life like? That's alright nigga
Hammer in the left ready when the price isn't
Right got the whip and I ain't got the license for it
And Jill got me living like my life is golden
Sitting on the sofa feeling high and dormant
If we could smoke another while the mic records it
The nicest doin' it, who the fuck you staring at?
Acting like you've never seen a tooth that's carat-capped
Bars hotter than the blocks where we be at
Stuntin' these niggas gon' flop like Divac
See that nigga? And for the time being
I'mma be that nigga, believe that nigga
You see that nigga? And for the time being
I'mma be that nigga, believe that, nigga



Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
If you and your folks love me and my folks like
Me and my folks love you and your folks
If there ever was folks
That ever ever was poor

[Verse 1]
It seems a nigga can't get a job, but I can get arrested
Thought shit was changing with this Black president shit
My bitch got me fucked up, goin' to get tested
Cause while I was locked up, she was livin' reckless
Just another ordeal a real nigga gotta deal with
If you on the bottom right you gotta feel this
I know that you're frustrated and you want to kill shit
Stock pile your weapons cause that day just might come real quick

[Hook]
Burn this motherfucker down (yeah, yeah, yeah)
I will burn this motherfucker down (yeah, yeah, yeah)
You and your folks, love me and my folks
Like me and my folks love you and your folks
Never was folks

[Verse 2]
They say the cop wrote a letter apologizing to Oscar
Guess they say I'm wrong because I still say drop 'em
Police in the ghetto, they is killin' niggas daily
But when we get to bustin' back, they say that we crazy
Prisons overcrowded and schools is too
Cause they undereducate ya and got a place for you
Niggas go to prison, the new age slavery
Now you know why they undereducate your baby

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
They say get a job, you can 'Think & Grow Rich'
But what are you to do when a dollar ain't worth shit
And the jobs ain't hirin' and unemployment is gone
They gonna repo' your car and foreclose your home
Me, I suggest you get yourself a shotgun
So when they come to evict you can make 'em run
The banks got bailed out but we still suffering
So I got a gun cuz I done had enough of'em

[Hook]

They say love Jesus and listen to your pastor
But Jesus told the truth and the pastor's a lying bastard
All he talk about is economic elevation
And all Jesus talked about was soul salvation
Jesus sat with the sick and He walked with the poor
And if he gave blood for our sins why we givin' more
I got some gangster disciples at church with me tonight
With that $5 worth of gas and a match book of lights

[Hook]



[Part I: "BUSY"]

[Verse 1: Saba]
I'm so alone, but all of my friends
But all of my friends got some shit to do
Yeah, all 'em got plans
I call 'em, I'm bad at texting
They never cross me like bad pedestrians
I've been this awkward since adolescence
I don't know how long I had depression
Never no peer-pressure
I'm tryna' get my little pecker off in some girl
I call my BFF, that ain't no secret kept
I fucked then told my cousin
I'm broke, I wasn't buzzin'
I tried to hit a few years, she wasn't budgin'
I'm bogus, left my girl for some shawty
Surely deservin' of all this lonely
"You sad? Tell me, how are you sad?
You got all of these friends, you got all of these fans"
I ain't trust nobody new since 2012, I ain't let nobody in
Jesus got killed for our sins, Walter got killed for a coat
I'm tryna cope, but it's a part of me gone
In this packed room I'm alone

[Chorus: Saba and Daoud]
I'm havin' a busy day, I'll hit you back right away
I seen that skies were grey, I hope to God you're safe
I'm havin' a busy day, I'll hit you back right away
I seen that skies were grey, I hope to God you're safe
Ohhh, ohhh

[Verse 2: Saba]
I'm so alone, just me and my girl
She leave me for work, then leave me for school
She finally home, I leave her for tour
FaceTime me nudity, yeah, all of this new to me, yeah
All of the infidelity when I was 17 been catchin' up
It still feel like she'll catch me cheatin'
Niggas askin' me how tour was
Knowin' I been home like two months
And I seen your ass like two times
Save the small-talk like two dimes
No time, social interaction
Had female friends I found attractive
I tried to fuck but I am no savage
Now we don't speak, we just walk past
If my past could talk
It'd probably reply to the missed calls after all
Cause the friendships that I can't recall
Done turned my heart into camouflage
While the guys I used to play basketball with
Doin' shit that I can't endorse now
With the Lord now, when it pours down
Was alone then, still alone now

[Chorus: Saba and Daoud]
I'm havin' a busy day, I'll hit you back right away
I seen that skies were grey, I hope to God you're safe
I'm havin' a busy day, I'll hit you back right away
I seen that skies were grey, I hope to God you're safe
Ohhh, ohhh

[Verse 3: theMIND]
I'm barely here, how I ain't present?
Yeah, I drift for a second, forgot to reply to your message
But all these years
I been the same in your presence (I'm still here)
Countin' the seconds before I reply to your message
My biggest fear (is that I have to say goodbye another time)
Is that I have to say goodbye another time
(Not like this, not like this, not like this)
So I skip town on our moment, hopefully prolonging this
I don't need nobody new to miss (not like this)
I want you to know
Ooooh, ooh ooh, ohh

[Part II: "SIRENS"]

[Chorus: Saba]
Sirens on the way, ayy
Now you're lying where the angels, lay, yeah
Sirens on the way, ayy
Now we're lying where the angels, lay, yeah
Sirens on the way, ayy
Now you're lying where the angels, lay, yeah
Sirens on the way, ayy
Now we're lying where the angels, yeah

[Verse: Saba]
Ridin' through the city
I'm young, I'm black, I'm guilty
I know one time wanna kill me
They don't know me but they fear me
15 years old with the sticky
They gon' blame it on the marijuana
Hands behind your head
And they won't let up out they lead
But if I move thats disrespect
But if they shoot then that's just that?
And if I run then that look bad?
Drawing they gun right off their hip
I'm probably deservin'
'Cause I know they serve and protect
But they think I'm servin'
Or they think my cellphone's a weapon
Heard that the robber wore a black mask
I fit the description, a.k.a. "nigga"
What is the difference? It's an enigma
We so divided, I'm from Division
Clutch that purse cause of my dreadlocks
Cross that street cause I'm with my friends
Curse every song in hip-hop
Keep telling yourself it's a fad

[Chorus: Saba]
Sirens on the way, ayy
Now you're lying where the angels, lay, yeah
Sirens on the way, ayy
Now we're lying where the angels, lay, yeah
Sirens on the way, ayy
Now you're lying where the angels, lay, yeah
Sirens on the way, ayy
Now we're lying where the—



[Verse 1: Killer Mike]
(Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah)
Looking for the truth, yeah it's me
Everything Polo to the floor though, even at the grocery store though
Picture perfect, take a photo, and take the pic you biting bitch
And go and stitch a logo (Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah)
Hit you with the quatro, but my girl Mercedes
With the Audi say that Quatro was a two door so a typo
You can put on Killer Kill, Fat Boy, or just Michael
Call me what you want but still never call me rival
They will call you dead and I will call you gone
The Lord, sweet Jesus, will be weeping calling your ass home
If underground rap royalty is what I’m meant to be
Then I will be the shit and you ain't shit to me

[Hook]
We the ones, we the winners, we the champions
Champagne at the end of our campaign
Spit fire, naked truth like the blue flame
Like the blue flame (Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah)
Let me see your hands up if you do the same
Caught the plug and we bolt like Usain
More money, more power, more butane
Burn the motherfucker down, down

[Verse 2: Killer Mike]
Life's a bitch so I mack on her immaculate
I don't wear no monkey watches, Rolex is too accurate
My rhymes are actually accurate, meaning I don't fiction in my diction
To the masses, this perfection is performed through many practices
Like prostitutes on mattresses, this shit just come naturally
Easy as Osama’s bombers takin many casualties
Like Columbine I’m down for mine I’m here to kill the faculty
Killin them or killin me, this is my soliloquy
Iller than the illest beat, I will spit the illest shit
From right here to infinity, Till I reach the dirt
I will search the earth endlessly looking for the illest, see
Ain’t nobody lyrically as ill as me, 'less Eazy-E
Come back from A.I.D…S yes
Get a beat from E-L-P, ghostwritten from my partner T.I.P
Cube and me and we time travel back to 95
Jumping in a 63 Impala playing Cuban Linx

[Hook]
Yo Mike they fucked up putting us together man

[Verse 3: EL-P]
Yo, I'm a Grinch with a grin, I will shit on your kids
Get a life, get a grip, get a hold on my dick, bitch, make a wish
I'm a knife, I'm nothing-that's-nicer-than-getting-sliced-up
The switch, the machete, the feti Yeti, the shyster
Icer, getting-closer-to-Christ ya
Might just find that the design of your life is an angel hair short of divine love
I stink, I just stuck up a truck that said Brinks
I'm a Sphinx, snorted so much that my nose just broke off, think
I’m alone again, clutching a loaded Glock soaked in chromium
Hoping that the thought police just don't bust in my home again
Life is tough, you'll get snuffed in the buff
So dystopian, ruff ruff, hear the call of the copper mutts on the hunt
What the fuck, this is not what my mother said I'll become
Star-spangler wranglers got my hopes on the run
Getting closer now, maybe our society's supposed to drown
Middle fingers up on the Titanic as it's going down

[Hook]



[Produced by RZA]

[Intro: Raekwon & Method Man]
What that nigga want, God?
Word up, look out for the cops though
Wu-Tang five finger shit
Cash rules-
Word up, two for fives over here, baby
Word up, two for fives, niggas got garbage down the way
Word up, know what I'm sayin'?
Cash rules everything around me, C.R.E.A.M. get-
Yeah, check this old fly shit out, word up
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money,dollar dollar bill, y'all
Take you on a natural joint
Here we here we go, check this shit, yo

[Verse 1: Raekwon]
I grew up on the crime side, the New York Times side
Stayin' alive was no jive
Had secondhands, Mom's bounced on old man
So then we moved to Shaolin land
A young youth, yo, rockin' the gold tooth, 'Lo goose
Only way I be gettin' the G off was drug loot
And let's start it like this, son
Rollin' with this one and that one
Pullin' out gats for fun
But it was just a dream for the teen who was a fiend
Started smokin' woolies at 16
And runnin' up in gates and doin' hits for high stakes
Makin' my way on fire escapes
No question I would speed for cracks and weed
The combination made my eyes bleed
No question I would flow off and try to get the dough all
Stickin' up white boys in ball courts
My life got no better, same damn 'Lo sweater
Times is rough and tough like leather
Figured out I went the wrong route
So I got with a sick-ass clique and went all out
Catchin' keys from 'cross seas
Rollin' in MPV's, every week we made forty G's
Yo, nigga, respect mine, or here go the TEC-9
Ch-chick-POW! Move from the gate now!

[Chorus: Method Man]
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all

[Verse 2: Inspectah Deck]
It's been twenty-two long hard years, I'm still strugglin'
Survival got me buggin', but I'm alive on arrival
I peep at the shape of the streets
And stay awake to the ways of the world 'cause shit is deep
A man with a dream with plans to make cream
Which failed; I went to jail at the age of fifteen
A young buck sellin' drugs and such, who never had much
Tryin' to get a clutch at what I could not
The court played me short, now I face incarceration
Pacin', goin' upstate's my destination
Handcuffed in the back of a bus, forty of us
Life as a shorty shouldn't be so rough
But as the world turned I learned life is hell
Livin' in the world no different from a cell
Every day I escape from Jakes givin' chase
Sellin' base, smokin' bones in the staircase
Though I don't know why I chose to smoke sess
I guess that's the time when I'm not depressed
But I'm still depressed, and I ask: what's it worth?
Ready to give up so I seek the old Earth
Who explained workin' hard may help you maintain
To learn to overcome the heartaches and pain
We got stick-up kids, corrupt cops, and crack rocks
And stray shots, all on the block that stays hot
Leave it up to me while I be livin' proof
To kick the truth to the young black youth
But shorty's runnin' wild, smokin' sess, drinkin' beer
And ain't tryin' to hear what I'm kickin' in his ear
Neglected for now, but yo, it gots to be accepted
That what? That life is hectic

[Chorus: Method Man]
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all

[Bridge: Inspectah Deck]
Niggas got to do what they got to do
To get through, know what I'm sayin'?
Because you can't just get by no more
Word up, you gotta get over, straight up and down

[Chorus: Method Man]
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar dollar bill, y'all



[Hook: Roger Troutman]
California love
California knows how to party
California knows how to party
In the city of L.A.
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin', we keep it rockin'

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Now let me welcome everybody to the Wild Wild West
A state that's untouchable like Eliot Ness
The track hits your eardrum like a slug to your chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state where the bomb-ass hemp be
The state where you never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean mean money-making-machines servin' fiends
I been in the game for 10 years makin' rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearin' Sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shinin', lookin' like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to the Bay
Your city is the bomb if your city makin' pay
Throw up a finger if you feel the same way
Dre puttin' it down for Californ-i-a

[Hook: Roger Troutman]
California knows how to party
California knows how to party (Yes, they do)
In the city of L.A.
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin'

[Bridge: Roger Troutman]
Shake, shake it, baby
Shake, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Out on bail, fresh out of jail, California dreamin'
Soon as I step on the scene, I'm hearin' hoochies screamin'
Fiendin' for money and alcohol, the life of a Westside player
Where cowards die and the strong ball
Only in Cali where we riot, not rally, to live and die
In L.A. we wearin' Chucks, not Ballys (yeah, that's right)
Dressed in Locs and Khaki suits, and ride is what we do
Flossin' but have caution: we collide with other crews
Famous because we program
Worldwide, let them recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumpin' and grindin' like a slow jam
It's Westside, so you know the Row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say, but give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sac-town, the Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put their mack down; give me love!

[Hook: Roger Troutman]
California knows how to party
California knows how to party (Yes, they do)
In the city of L.A.
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin'

[Ad-Libs: Dr. Dre & (2Pac)]
South Central
(Uh, that's right)
Now make it shake

[Bridge: Roger Troutman]
Shake, shake it, baby
Shake, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it

[Ad-Libs: Dr. Dre]
Shake it, Cali
Uh, uh, West Coast
Uh, yeah, uh, uh, Long Beach in the house
Uh, yeah, Oaktown
Oakland definitely in the house
Frisco, Frisco

[Outro: 2Pac & Dr. Dre]
And you know L.A. up in here
Pasadena, where you at?
Yeah, Inglewood
Inglewood always up to no good
Even Hollywood tryin' to get a piece, baby
Sacramento, Sacramento where you at?
Throw it up, y'all! Throw it up, throw it up!
I can't see ya
Let's show these fools how we do it over on this Westside
'Cause you and I know it's the best side
Yeah, that's right
West Coast, west Coast



[Intro: George Clinton]
The blind stares of a million pairs of eyes
Lookin' hard but won't realize
That they will never see the P!
You must be goin' blind

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Give me my money in stacks and lace my bitches with dime figures
Real niggas fingers on nickel-plated 9 triggers
Must see my enemies defeated
I catch 'em while they coked up and weeded
Open fire, now them niggas bleedin'
See me in flesh and test and get your chest blown
Straight out the West, don't get blown
My adversaries cry like hoes, open and shut like doors
Is you a friend or foe? Nigga, you ain't know?
They got me stressed out on Death Row
I've seen money, but baby, I've gots to get mo'
You screamin', "Go 2Pac!" and I ain't stoppin' till I'm well-paid
Bail's paid now, nigga, look what hell made
Visions of cops and sirens, niggas open fire
Bunch of Thug Life niggas on the rise, until I die
Ask me why I'm a boss player gettin' high
And when I'm rollin' by niggas can't see me!

[Hook: George Clinton]
The stares of a million pairs of eyes
And you'll never realize
You can't see me

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Been gettin' word that these square motherfuckers with nerves
Sayin' they can get with us, but picture me gettin' served
My own mama say I'm thugged out
My shit be bumpin' out the record store as if it was a drug house
My lyrics bang like a Crip or Blood
Nigga what! It ain't nothin' but a party when we thug
And there I was, a young nigga with heart, ain't had shit to lose
Pullin' my pistol on them fools, you know the rules
D-R-E, you got me heated; my words like a penitentiary dick
Hittin' bitches where it's most needed
Money and weed, Alizé and Hennessy
To my thug niggas in lock down: witness me
Bail on these hoes in floss-mode
The life of a boss player, fuck what you thought though
My enemies deceased
Die like a bitch when my album hit the streets; niggas can't see me!

[Hook: George Clinton & 2Pac]
Niggas can't see me
They can't see me
Which way did he go, George?
Which way did he go?
Oh!! Which way did he go?
Which way did he go?

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
You niggas made a mistake
You should've never put my rhymes with Dre
Them thug niggas have arrived and it's judgement day
Hey homie, if you feel me
Tell them tricks that shot me that they missed, they ain't kill me
I can make a motherfucker shake, rattle and roll
I'm full of liquor, thug nigga, quick to jab at them hoes
And I can make you jealous niggas famous
Fuck around with 2Pac and see how good a nigga's aim is
I'm just a rich motherfucker from the way
If this rappin' bring me money, then I'm rappin' till I'm paid
I'm gettin' green like I'm supposed to
Nigga, I holla at these hoes and see how many I can go through
Look to the star and visualize my debut
Niggas know me, player, I gotta stay true
Don't be a dumb motherfucker 'cause it's crazy after dark
Where the true thug-niggas see your heart; niggas can't see me!

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Yo, check this out: stay off his dick

[Outro: George Clinton & 2Pac]
Niggas can't see me
Right before your eyes, I'll disappear from here
You niggas can't see me
You can't see me
I know it's hard nigga, I'm all up in your face
But you still can't see me
You can't see me
All up in your range, but niggas can't see me
20/20 vision won't visualize
I'm in the flesh, baby, but you can't see me
All those glasses won't help you realize
You blinded, you blinded, you can't see me
You can't see me

Thug Life, baby
Don't believe everything you read!
Alizé and weed
You can't see me, right before your very eyes
You won't even visualize, you can't see me
Dr. Dre all day, 2Pac
Niggas can't see me
I dedicate this to you punk motherfuckers!
This one's for you, BIG baby
'Cause you bitch-ass niggas can't see me
Niggas can't see me
You can't see me

See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil
You won't see me
Yeah, first you see me, now you don't
Wanna see me, but you won't
Come to see me, but you can't
Oh, you can't see me
You can't see me
Right between your eyes and you'll never realize
Right before your eyes, you won't even realize
Visualize what you can't see



[Intro: Kanye West & Young Jeezy]
La La La La
8732 that's the way it go
Kanye and Jizzle, say it ain't so
Wait till I get my money right

[Verse 1: Young Jeezy]
If I had a billion dollars (YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Yeah, I'd spend all in a day, show these niggas how to play (play)
Top floor penthouse, I'll show them where I stay (stay)
Grand piano, might learn to play (Ha Ha!)
Need a hundred grand just to walk past it every day (Woo! Woo!)
You know I like them white keys on it (yea!)
Duct tape when we wrap them, call me prejudice
Cause I never touch the black ones (keys that is, Ha Ha!)
Let me show how to do this, shawty! (shawty!)
I hit the strip club and I blew bout forty (DAMN!)
Patron got me so confused (fused)
Until I stumbled outside and I made the news
Fresh nine piece, yeah them wings is cajun
Never seen me in the kitchen nigga, I am amazing (nah)
Well, fuck it I'm rich then
If balling is a crime, fuck it I'm hit then
If thugging is a term, fuck it I'm it then
The insane dough, hey, fuck it I'm sick then
Somebody call me a shrink
Until then, I'mma fix me a drink (Ha Ha!)
Top down in the Bent, I'm so intoxicated
Sometimes I think to myself "Goddamn, I made it"
And I know they hate it
On the all night flight
Trying to get my money right, wassup?

[Hook: Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
La La La La (Hey!)
Wait till I get my money right
La La La La (Yeah!)
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, is you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing (HA HA!)
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

[Verse 2: Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
Yeah, homie this a theme song
First I get my money right, then I get my team on
If I always prayed to have gleam on
$300 jeans on, do that mean I dream wrong?
And I was high as a Leer Jet
Fly as the insect, even though we in debt
And it don't matter if I get her number cause
When I get my money right she gon come running
And I'll be good like "God" with an extra "o"
God knows that my check needs some extra 0's
And you know that you need to bring some extra hoes
Not in jogging pants either, tell them wear some sexy clothes
Now my game so professional
And my chain so fresh, they go (oh oh oh oh oh)
Right after the fame did you gain anything?
Damn 'Ye, would you change anything?
But (If I had a billion dollars! YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
I'd copped more pink polos and pop those collars
Misery love company, her nickname Sorrow
My Benz need company, her nickname Tahoe
“Wait 'til I get my money” everybody's motto
So I'mma need a bravo for everything I wrote
Yeah, hey, mama they can't hate him
'Cause after all of the drama, K slayed them

[Hook]

[Outro: Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
(If I had a billion dollars YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Wait till I get my money right
(If I had a billion dollars YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?

[Connie Mitchell (Young Jeezy)]
(I'm serious, nigga! Hey!)
Why were you late?
(Yeah! HA HA!
Yeah! You know I'm serious, nigga! I got money!)

Oh oh oh oh oh
Good money made!
Oh oh oh oh oh
Good money made!
Why were you late?
Oh oh oh oh oh
Good money made!



[Verse 1 - Beanie Sigel]
You can't tell me nothing
Gangster? I don't buy it -- you can't sell me nothing
I'm everything you thought I wasn't
Now check out how I does it on this K. West production
All your bullshit, I will flush it
And I got the paper to wipe that ass
Every little song and dance come out, y'all hype that trash
And yo, I'm far from a hater
Cause suckers gotta eat too -- get y'all paper
I ain't mad at cha -- I just can't deal with these fake rappers
Cause most of these niggas wear they boxers backwards
Niggas claim king but can't govern they household
Now real niggas doing time from shit they mouth told
Why dick-eating niggas always rap with a mouth full?
But you know they don't play with me
The realest nigga alive -- what can these niggas say to me? Nothing

[Hook - Kanye West]
La la la la, wait 'til I get my money right
La la la la, then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, is you saying something?
Uh-uh, you can't tell me nothing

[Verse 2 - Freeway]
I had a dream that Jay and Dame was back together
And in that second, everything was back the same
In reality, your boy went to Mecca, came back
And said that I would never rap again
But I'm back and that's the way the ball bounce
A verse is a ounce, a album's a brick -- now it's time for traffic game
Y'all lame, I am the product
Hotter than lava, they wonder how this Roc-a-fella package came
First you take a brick of Jay, a brick of 'Ye
Couple quarters of Freeway, an ounce of Beans
Then you kill 'em with the flow
We the realest; even Dontrelle Willis couldn't out the team
We speak the truth and they believe us
Tell FEMA even Hurricane Katrina couldn't out the flames
Roc-a-fella here to stay, we airing out y'all lames
Free At Last on the way, so clear 'em out my lane

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Kanye West]
Yeah homie, this the theme song
First I get my money right, then I get my team on
If I always prayed to have gleam on
Three hundred dollar jeans on, do that mean I dream wrong?
And I was high as a Lear jet
Fly as the insect even though we in debt
And it don't matter if I get her number cause
When I get my money right, she gon' come running
And I be good like God with a extra "o"
God knows that my check needs some extra O's
And you know that you need to bring some extra
Not in jogging pants, either -- tell 'em wear some sexy clothes
Now my game so professional and my chain so fresh, they go
But after the fame, did you gain anything?
Damn, 'Ye, would you change anything?
Well, [Young Jeezy: If I had a billion dollars]
I'd cop more pink Polos and pop those collars
Misery love company, her nickname "Sorrow"
My Benz need company, her nickname Tahoe
"Wait 'til I get my money" everybody motto
So I'mma need a bravo for everything that I wrote
Yeah -- hey mama, they can't hate 'em
Cause after all of the drama, K slayed 'em

[Hook]

[Verse 4 - Uncle Murda]
Listen -- I ain't worried 'bout shit
It's a Roc-a-fella/GMG invasion, bitch
You hear them niggas talking 'bout me? Ain't that some shit
These niggas is like bitches -- they all on my dick
They don't want no real G to get in position
I opened up the door so all my real niggas could get in
Roc-a-fella, Def Jam, GMG it's on
Uncle Murda coming for the motherfucking throne
Listen, you could call me the king of New York
You can't front, I'm doing my thing
If it wasn't for the chronic and these bad-ass ho's
I'd be shooting motherfuckers everywhere I go, oh
But the head I be getting got me chilling
Got a nigga like, let me focus on these millions, man
It got me not thinking 'bout these lames
They don't really want no beef, they ain't life-threatening
I'm puffing purple haze with that sour diesel
Can't forget that kush -- I'm high as a eagle
And just cause I'm high off that marijuana
Don't mean I don't see them niggas creeping around the corner
They goners



[Intro: Kanye West]
La, la, la la
Wait 'til I get my money right

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I got 'em, Young Carter
On the A-team if it's in alphabetical order
Used to daydream about Benzes and Porches
And by 18, I had a Benz and a Porsche, ha!
I'm so used to stuntin' on y'all
So tired of ballin', excuse me if I yawn
Ha! But I know what I'm doing
Out the window of the jet, you see L.A. like a Bruin, ha
New coupe, foot to the floor
Weather man make it rain, turn sugar to snow, you know
Ha! But watch how you speak
Cause in the street you can't trust every smile you meet, heh
And you ain’t important as the new edition is
Ralph Tresvant, ooh, they so sensitive
And it's the remix, baby!
And I'm a knock it out like Felix, baby, haha
God damn I'm fly
And my troop so cool, I don't have to lie
Hop in my car and go Kanye West
With my groovy new Louis Vuitton Damier vest
Ha! Yeah, let 'em hate though
I'm on my way to the bank, LMAO (wassup?)

[Hook: Kanye West]
La, la, la la
Wait 'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, was you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes]
It's one of the best to touch microphones
That'll spit the kind of shit to put the earth in a type of zone, like
To make 'em laugh or make 'em cry
Bring a life into existence or cause you to die
Now when I was a shorty and when my mom called me precious
I realized I'm outspoken and every word was infectious
I'm sayin', Mommy said God'll bless us
No matter the difficulties or how much it would stress us
I'm sayin', no matter how hard I try
To understand if I behave that I'll see God when I die, man
These words'll dawn on me, why?
Cause no one came back from death to say if it's truth or it's lies
See the point that I'm makin' is that she knew I was blessed
And comin' to life as a legend, the man of best in the flesh
I kiss my mother, countin' figures
Thinkin 'back on when I used to tell niggas, they sayin'

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Yeah, homie this a theme song
First I get my money right, then I get my team on
If I always pray to have gleam on
$300 jeans on, do that mean I dream wrong?
And I was high as a Learjet
Fly as the insect, even though we in debt
And it don't matter if I get her number
Cause when I get my money right she gon' come running
And I'll be good like "God" with an extra "O"
God knows that my check needs some extra 0's
And you know that you need to bring some extra hoes
Not in jogging pants either, tell them wear some sexy clothes
Now my game so professional
And my chain so fresh, they go (oh oh oh oh oh)
Right after the fame did you gain anything?
Damn Ye, would you change anything?
But (If I had a billion dollars)
I'd cop more pink polos and pop those collars
Misery love company, her nickname Sorrow
My Benz need company, her nickname Tahoe
“Wait 'til  get my money,” everybody motto
So I'mma need a bravo for everything I wrote
Yeah, hey mama they can't hate him
Cause after all of the drama, K slayed 'em

[Hook]



[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
This is everything I ever wanted though
Dreaming of a candy store
Brother couldn't tell me more, no
So I need moments where I could be left alone
Yeah, she let me ride along
To a place where I belong, woah, though
If you niggas ever get your money right
Would you still be robbing niggas?
Would you still be lying to yo momma? No
Don't you know I do this for your family?
'Cause mine ain't believe in me
Left my hood so easily
Eat, sleep, wash sheets, repeat
Watch teachers teach

[Verse 2: Merlyn Wood]
High and on the damn sidelines where the bleachers be
Always feel like city streets, wish I was back in my sheets, shit
Most days I don't wanna be me, shit
Don't watch this, teen watch TV, shit
My whole family look like some Gucci shit
Shoutout my hood, they racist as hell, shit
I'm 'bout my papers like some damn immigrants, bitch

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Merlyn Wood]
One day I'ma get my bread up
All my real niggas been fed up
One day I'ma get my bread up
All my real niggas still fed up
One day I'ma get my bread up
All my real niggas been fed up
One day I'ma get my bread up
All my real niggas been set up

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
I cannot explain it
Dropped down to my knees beneath the stars and started praying
Life put me here for a reason, I am not complaining
Look me in my eyes, I'm not here for your entertainment
Do you follow?
I ain't here as your role model
That pill is way too big to swallow
I hollowed out my path
Borrow all my sorrow but don't expect me to take it back

[Verse 4: Ameer Vann]
I been dripping candy paint, grew up Willow Avenue
Turned a right on Yellowstone, you see what them players do
So I chuck the deuce who make us home to Herschelwood
And shout out to my cousin Mo, he got off a prison sentence
Lock him in a penitentiary, he ain't takin' niggas with him
Or his daughter either, so send the lord to keep her
'Cause the police killin' fathers, man, it hard to keep 'em
And that's what's in my blood, besides the oil and reefer
I'm in the black slab, tryna catch the reaper
It's a four inside my cup, I crack the seal and fill it
It's a hole inside me, I try to pour and fill it
But in the bottom, another monster, there's somethin' with it
I'm still that little nigga with the little twisties
Waitin' for the bus and I just missed it
That's why I'm still hungry, why you robbin' niggas?
That's why I dream bigger, fuck a couple dollars
I want a hundred million, and one for all my niggas
And twenty for my mama, she need some bigger ceilings

[Bridge: bearface]
I'm waiting on the birds to call me I, fly
I'm waiting on the birds to call me I
Oh I, oh I
I'm waiting on the birds to call me I, fly
I'm waiting on the birds to call me I
Oh I, oh I
I'm waiting on the birds to call me I, fly
I'm waiting on the birds to call me I
Oh I, oh I
I'm waiting on the birds to call me I, fly
I'm waiting on the birds to call me I
Oh I, oh I
I'm waiting on

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Merlyn Wood]
One day I'ma get my bread up
All my real niggas been fed up
One day I'ma get my bread up
All my real niggas been fed up



[Intro: Raekwon]
Shake them niggas

[Verse 1: Raekwon]
Scary hours no money out, smash the Guinness Stout
Play the outfield, Lucille, switched cracks on shields
She's a rich fiend sacrifice her fam shift them niggas
To Queens
Guess jeans she charged thirty-five beans
Hit the cell phone, regulate with well known Tone
A Wally kingpin who also slam the strike edition
What up? Corleone smoke the bone, Tone phone me
What up? He tried to slang there, address him with chrome only
Grady with the gray beard, transporting for him
Rocking Nike Air, Rastafarian bird, piping that
Switchin Benzes, ten carat nigga with gold lenses
Fronting like he's sitting on a lump, he's sitting on junk
You wanna pull a heist, draw guns and robberies
You wanna rock rep, step in yellow Wallabies
Names arraigned, they're Century Fox, little Glocks
Them niggas with stocks, wheelyin'  blocks
Rich lifestyle, spoiled like an ordinary white child
But right now, Sun it still shine, shed light now
Breakdown, liquidate God, fucking grab the nickel plate
'Spenser: For Hire', tension when we mention Dryer
He's a slave cop, behave pop
Isuzu Beige Top will blow that cat at the Purple Haze spot

[Verse 2: Method Man]
I remember sticking fiends at the one-six-ooh
When we was starving, ducking five-oh, paying 'em dues
Times is hard in the slums I'm from, they got us barred in
We warring and cage dodging, ripping and robbing
Got the NARC sabotaging, slipping cracks in
Your camouflaging, now you snitching on the squadron
That's something niggas can't pardon
City overrun by young gun with bad intention and Wu-Wear garment
So I see no need to mention, the potency
Of a sting from a killa bee, kicking the battery
Out the back of them wisecracks
Distorted for your get high, you hijack
These friendly skies ain't for you, they for me and mine
This the year of the grimy nigga, ragtime
Keep these niggas on the run, peep my Clan emblem
Iron Lung ain't got to tell you where it's coming from

[Bridge: Method Man & La the Darkman]
Catch us swimming with these sharks now, you rap villains
(I feel the same way you niggas feeling)
We feel the same way you feeling, let it be known (let it be known)
What the blood clot you niggas dealing, you crash dummies
Cash rules, still don't nothing move but the money

[Verse 3: Ghostface Killah]
Aiyyo strongarm that kid right there with wavy hair
Billy Johnson snatched him out his whip in Times Square
Took his Pumas, nameplate, dude lost weight
Summer '88, started a fight, that can't wait
Ask Dorothy, same kid pussy up in Marcy
Blazing that Ted Rossi up in The Marquees
He lost like a hundred ounces, Jake rushed his houses
Had him on the porch, ass no trousers
This souped up, individual stuck, the new stuff
Same kid crying on the stand with Judge Cuffner
Kissed him with odd numbers three to nine style
Before he left he flashing his face like Denzel
Richard Dale took his Beaver, Un threw up all in his whip
Mussy dropped and split his wig with the heater
His shape-up was all fucked up, Heze had me laughing
God you see how he was laid out in the grass
With dirt in his mouth, Slim woke him up told him he wild out
Blood leaking from his teeth he smiled like he gummed out
Big bolo, stacking his shit, financed a Volvo
He copped his shit from a small coffee shop in SoHo
He still pussy, he sell his dust up on the Lower East
Posing like he rapping out...



[Interlude: Kevin Abstract, Merlyn Wood, Dom McLennon]
"I got all my money saved, I'm with them boys my momma hate."
"That's fire."
"I take the time to celebrate, ah..."
"Ah, hah, ah, hah, I got all my money saved, I'm with them boys my momma hate. I took some time to celebrate, my hands to the sky."
"That's so good."
"I love that."
"When did you think of that?"
"It just felt right, coming after Dom's verse, yeah..."



[Hook]
Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass

[Verse 1]
Why you actin' all
Shy and all
Why is y'all
Lyin' for?
"I never did this before..."
Stop that
What, you want some Patron?
I got that
I mean I promise y'all
You fine and all
And your girlfriend, she kinda raw
But she not like you
No, she not like you
Right now I need you to mute all the monologue
All that talking is gon' give me a Tylenol
You put a nigga to sleep, I'm tired of y'all
Right now the Louis Vuitton don is signing off

[Bridge]
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some Cris' and some Mo'
And we about to let it floooooow
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that 'dro
And we about to let it bloooooow

[Hook]
Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass

[Verse 2]
See you know my style
I'm very wild
And I vow that my child will be well endowed
Like his daddy
And tell him that your mama had a fattie
He looked up at me said, "daddy that's the reason why you had me?"
Yep, we was praticing
'Til one day your ass bust through the packaging
You know what though? You my favorite accident
So go head pop some Cristal
For my newborn child 'cause now y'all

[Hook]
Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass

[Bridge]
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some Cris' and some Mo'
And we about to let it floooooow
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that 'dro
And we about to let it bloooooow



[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Chorus]
Yes I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little something, show you how we live
Everybody want it but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Verse 1]
You don't see just how wild the crowd is
You don't see just how fly my style is
I don't see why I need a stylist
When I shop so much I can speak Italian
I don't know, I just want it better for my kids
And I ain't sayin' we was from the projects
But every time I wanted layaway or a deposit
My dad'd say "when you see clothes, close your eyelids"
We was sort of like Will Smith and his son
In the movie, I ain't talkin' 'bout the rich ones
Cause every summer, he'd get some
Brand new harebrained scheme to get rich from
And I don't know what he did for dough
But he'd send me back to school with a new wardrobe

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Chorus]
I think he did
When he packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little somethin', show you how we live
Everything I wanted, man it seem so serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Verse 2]
When it feel like living's harder than dyin'
For me givin' up's way harder than tryin'
Lauryn Hill said her heart was in Zion
I wish her heart still was in rhymin'
'Cause who the kids gon' listen to, huh?
I guess me if it isn't you
Last week I paid a visit to the institute
They got the dropout keepin' kids in the school
I guess I cleaned up my act like Prince'd do
If not for pleasure, then at least for the principle
They got the CD, they got to see me
Drop gems like I dropped out of PE
They used to feel invisible
Now they know they invincible

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Bridge]
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up stand up here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up stand up here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Chorus]
Yes I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little somethin', show you how we live
Everybody want it, but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this... like this

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Produced by Kanye West and Brian Miller]



[Verse 1: Quavo]
(Quavo!)
Lifestyle on camera
Hundred thousand dollar chandelier
They tried to turn me to an animal
But white people think I'm radical
Supermodels think I'm handsome
You might think I'm too aggressive
But really I think I'm too passive
'Til I pull out the chopper, start blastin'

[Chorus: Travis Scott]
1500, all in singles (straight up!)
Throw it up, watch it fall and drop
'Round and 'round they go
'Round and 'round they go

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Pray for me
I'm about to hit the Ye button
I don't wanna say nothin' wrong
But it'd be wrong if I ain't say nothin'
Imagine if I ain't say somethin'
Wouldn't none these niggas say nothin'
I done lost and made money
Now I'm makin' somethin' they can't take from me
And I'm fresh out of debt in this mothafucka!
And they still ain't ready yet for a mothafucka!
Yeezy might have to go and put his Louis on
I'm 'bout to go Gucci in the Gucci store

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
It's Gucci!
Fresh out the feds in this mothafucka
And they still ain't ready yet for a mothafucka
Gucci Mane and I'm 'bout to put my Yeezys on
Now that Gucci home, it's over for you Gucci clones

[Chorus: Travis Scott]
1500, all in singles (straight up!)
Throw it up, watch it fall and drop
'Round and 'round they go
'Round and 'round they go
Champions, we run the city
Number one, they fallin' from the top
'Round and 'round they go
'Round and 'round they go (straight up)

[Verse 4: Big Sean]
Look, I say a prayer for my enemies
They cannot slow down what's meant for me
Funny how they come around like I can't see through they secret identities
Lately, it's all about Zen in me
Subtractin' the negative energy
Fuck with the family, turn your ass to a memory
My niggas keep it a century
I blow the check up, nigga, detonation
Kill 'em one by one, Final Destination
Top my destination
I got guardian angels all around a nigga, that's deflectin' Satan
I'm a mothafuckin' champion
This right here the fuckin' anthem
I can't dap you without hand san'
I don't know where your dirty ass hands been
I wake up to like a hundred texts
Championship team, but we can't cut the net
She all off in my jersey lookin' underdressed
I'm finna buy this bitch a Honda CRX
With...

[Chorus: Travis Scott + Desiigner]
1500, all in singles (straight up!)
Throw it up, watch it fall and drop
'Round and 'round they go
'Round and 'round it go, 'round and 'round it go
'Round and 'round they go
I'd rather be strapped and ride with a pole
Than to get down in a hole

[Verse 5: 2 Chainz]
I took a nap in the pulpit
I never like how a suit fit
I got a pocket full of money
It got me walkin' all slew-foot
I'm on my wave like a cruise ship
In that hoe mouth like a toothpick
Anyone get in my way
Nothin' to say, I tote 'em choppas like pool sticks
I wear pajamas to Ruth's Chris
Couldn't walk a mile in my new kicks
I'm comin' from the apartments
We never had our damn pool fixed
Walk in the mall with my new bitch
Tell her to get the whole rack
My new bitch gon' pull me a new bitch
Then pull me a new bitch
See that is a snowball effect
I got gold on my neck
Lookin' like a Super Bowl on my neck
I got a mansion full of marble floors
It look like I could go bowl in this bitch
Versace logos on bowls in this bitch
Like I'm a serial killer
I put the real in gorilla
I did this shit for my niggas

[Chorus: Travis Scott + Desiigner]
1500, all in singles (straight up!)
Throw it up, watch it fall and drop
'Round and 'round they go
'Round and 'round it go, 'round and 'round it go
'Round and 'round they go
I'd rather be strapped and ride with a pole
Than to get down in a hole
Champions, we run the city
Number one, they fallin' from the top
'Round and 'round they go
'Round and 'round it go, 'round and 'round it go
'Round and 'round they go
I'd rather be strapped and ride with a pole
Than to get down in a hole

[Verse 6: Yo Gotti]
I'm Yo Gotti!
Reach for my chain is suicide
The car I drive fit two inside
They mad at Ye 'cause he all in the neighborhood
But he let them goons inside
Let's fuck up the neighborhood
Let's fuck up the neighborhood
Buy every house in this bitch
You know that the money good
My wrist in the kitchen go 'round and 'round
Play with the kid, I'ma gun you down
The roof on that Wraith in the lost and found
Official trap shit let me slow it down
Way more shit than a Pamper
All we rock is bandanas
Whips so nasty, no manners
I just got head in a Phantom

[Verse 7: Gucci Mane]
She say she don't want a chump, baby want a champ
She say money make her cum, Gucci make her damp
1017's the Squad, Gucci Mane's the stamp
And he don't never sleep, he's a fuckin' vamp
I heard your bitch ride on the bus, you don't give a damn
My bitch drive a Lamb', you should call her ma'am
I love my Auntie Jane, but fuck Uncle Sam
I'm a walkin' money machine, check my Instagram
Niggas never test the kid so I don't have to cram
My city treat me like a king, I should wear a crown
And I don't really fuck around
I gave my bitch two mil' 'cause she stuck around

[Chorus: Travis Scott + Desiigner]
1500, all in singles (straight up!)
Throw it up, watch it fall and drop
'Round and 'round they go
'Round and 'round it go, 'round and 'round it go
'Round and 'round they go
I'd rather be strapped and ride with a pole
Than to get down in a hole
Champions, we run the city
Number one, they fallin' from the top
'Round and 'round they go
'Round and 'round it go
'Round and 'round they go
I'd rather be strapped and ride with a pole
Than to get down in a hole



[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I see no changes, wake up in the morning and I ask myself
Is life worth livin'? Should I blast myself?
I'm tired of bein' poor and, even worse, I'm black
My stomach hurts so I'm lookin' for a purse to snatch
Cops give a damn about a negro
Pull the trigger, kill a nigga, he's a hero
"Give the crack to the kids, who the hell cares?
One less hungry mouth on the welfare!"
First ship 'em dope and let 'em deal to brothers
Give 'em guns, step back, watch 'em kill each other
"It's time to fight back," that's what Huey said
Two shots in the dark, now Huey's dead
I got love for my brother
But we can never go nowhere unless we share with each other
We gotta start makin' changes
Learn to see me as a brother instead of two distant strangers
And that's how it's supposed to be
How can the Devil take a brother if he's close to me?
I'd love to go back to when we played as kids
But things change… and that's the way it is

[Chorus: Talent]
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I see no changes, all I see is racist faces
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races
We under, I wonder what it takes to make this
One better place, let's erase the wasted
Take the evil out the people, they'll be actin' right
‘Cause both black and white are smokin' crack tonight
And the only time we chill is when we kill each other
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other
And although it seems heaven-sent
We ain't ready to see a black president
It ain't a secret, don't conceal the fact
The penitentiary's packed and it's filled with blacks
But some things will never change
Try to show another way but you stayin' in the dope game
Now tell me, what's a mother to do?
Bein' real don't appeal to the brother in you
You gotta operate the easy way
"I made a G today," but you made it in a sleazy way
Sellin' crack to the kids
"I gotta get paid!" — well hey, but that's the way it is

[Chorus: Talent]
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah

[Interlude: 2Pac]
We gotta make a change
It's time for us as a people to start makin' some changes
Let's change the way we eat
Let's change the way we live
And let's change the way we treat each other
You see the old way wasn't workin'
So it's on us to do what we gotta do to survive

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
And still I see no changes; can't a brother get a little peace?
It's war on the streets and a war in the Middle East
Instead of war on poverty
They got a war on drugs so the police can bother me
And I ain't never did a crime I ain't have to do
But now I'm back with the facts, givin' it back to you
Don't let 'em jack you up, back you up
Crack you up and pimp-smack you up
You gotta learn to hold your own
They get jealous when they see you with your mobile phone
But tell the cops they can't touch this
I don't trust this, when they try to rush I bust this
That's the sound of my tool
You say it ain't cool, my mama didn't raise no fool
And as long as I stay black, I gotta stay strapped
And I never get to lay back
‘Cause I always got to worry 'bout the payback
Some buck that I roughed up way back
Comin' back after all these years
"Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat," that's the way it is

[Chorus: Talent]
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah
(You're my brother, you're my sister)
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah

[Outro: 2Pac]
Some things'll never change



[Intro]
I really made this song just so I could perform it
I don't even know how to perform it

[Verse 1]
Aw, nah, boy don't cut that wood
Found out your flowers don't smell that good
But if they smell real good to him
Then he don't need anybody else's nose to win
Look, I am a God, nobody prays to the sight of you
All y'all niggas wear camouflage
I'm in a field wearing pink and blue
I wear pink, they can see me
Nigga, you don’t create, you just repeat
Nigga you don’t got drive, you just beep beep
Beep beep, talk shit from the backseat
Come and light my fire, I'll blow your fuckin' face off
Nigga I'm the got damn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off (let's get it)

[Chorus]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Tie the knot
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Kick the chair
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Float in the air
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
It's cherry bomb

[Verse 2]
You muthafuckas want war, then come get it
You motherfuckas want war and i want more
Nigga fuck you and everything that you come for
You motherfuckas wanna blow?
Pow, pow-pow, pow-pow
Then let’s take ‘em to the gun store
I don't got enough time, fuck your rolex nigga
Don’t compare him to mine, ‘cause I don’t know that nigga
Come and light my fire, I'll blow your fuckin' face off
Nigga I’m the got damn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off, let's get it

[Chorus]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Tie the knot
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Kick the chair
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Strangled in the air
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
It's cherry bomb

[Bridge]
You muthafuckas want war?!
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb

[Refrain]
Firecracker and I’m ready to blow
Don’t fire me up
I lose control
Firecracker and I’m ready to blow
Don’t fire me up
I lose control
Firecracker and I’m ready to blow
Don’t fire me up
I lose control
Firecracker and I’m ready to blow
Don’t fire me up
I lose control
Firecracker and I’m ready to blow
Don’t fire me up
I lose control

[Outro]
GOLF 191, Okaga
Play classic hits



Tracklist:1. DEATHCAMP
2. BUFFALO
3. PILOT
4. RUN
5. FIND YOUR WINGS
6. CHERRY BOMB
7. BLOW MY LOAD
8. 2SEATER
9. THE BROWN STAINS OF DARKEESE LATIFAH PART 6-12 (REMIX) ft. ScHoolboy Q
9.5. SPECIAL (Bonus Track)
10. FUCKING YOUNG / PERFECT ft. Charlie Wilson and Kali Uchis
11. SMUCKERS ft. Kanye West and Lil Wayne
12. KEEP DA O’S ft. Pharrell Williams
13. OKAGA, CA ft. Clementine Creevy
14. YELLOW ft. Kali Uchis (Bonus Track)
Album Art:





[Intro: Matt Champion]
Why you look like that? (He looks crazy as fuck)
He look crazy as hell
But he dress well (oh my God)
Why his face look puff?
Why he look like that? (You look like a)
Why your hair like that? (Like a chipmunk or something)
Why your teeth like that? (Or like a prairie dog)
Why your cheeks like that?

[Verse 1: Matt Champion]
I got this shitty moustache, and a new haircut
Short but tall enough to ride every ride so it's fair enough
Teeth crooked but my breath fresh just like the evergreens
My attitude is bit like, a psys- fuck!
You mean a psychopath
I bet the marble feel good on your bare foot
I'm in the backyard hiding out like I'm Bigfoot
And I won't cater to you
Yeah I am not Carrabba's, and I ain't taking orders
Here for the loot, and to inspire some of you
To do what you do despite all the "fuck you's"
'Cause they shit on your shit, stab you right in the back
'Til you're shittin' on the toilet with Grammys in your lap

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
Niggas talk a lot of shit, in a safe place
Aiming with they keyboard, they shootin' uppercase
I'm booking tour dates, money in the suitcase
Commander and the chief like, Barack Hussein
Same nigga, two names, I am onto new things
Flying out of Houston, lemme say a few things
I don't give a fuck about you or your screen name
I'ma be a star even if I say the same things
'Cause them same things keep me on the wavelengths
I dropped another verse, so you gon' have to pay me
Glock with no safety, seen niggas on the pavement
Over gang affiliations, guns with extensions
Seeing niggas get anxious, all these internet gangstas
I'm running outta patience, nigga, stick to your day shift
And watch what you're saying, and please keep praying
'Cause niggas talk big 'til that price on their head

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
I feel the voices always drown out all the noise in the room
They don't employ you for your purpose, they just need a platoon
Another number in a line ready to march into tombs
I ain't the one to assume, I put the coon in tycoon
We colonizing the moon, I see you look to the sky
And start to wish it was you, sometimes I wish I was me
Sometimes I'm watching my life
I'm dissociated from what eats my heart up at night
Sleep on a cloud of my strife
I ain't afraid of the heights, they all afraid to appall
I'm just afraid of excitement being a trip to the mall
I need a summer to fall, I need a winter to spring
Got all these seasons within me, building a story to sing
Don't need a dollar to dream, I need a billion in facts
I need a trillion in wealth, y'all niggas need to relax
I wanna build up the culture, they wanna dream in the trap
I took the zoom off my lens and I saw the world in my lap

[Outro: Kevin Abstract]
I'm not tryna be like you, when I grow, money in the bag
Keep the sand in the bag, all my niggas in the bag
I'm not tryna be like you, when I grow, money in the bag
Keep the sand in the bag, all my niggas in the bag
I'm not tryna be like you, when I grow, money in the bag
Keep the sand in the bag, all my niggas in the bag
I'm not tryna be like you, when I grow, money in the bag
Keep the sand in the bag, all my niggas in the bag
I'm not tryna be like you, when I grow, money in the bag
Keep the sand in the bag, all my niggas in the bag
I'm not tryna be like you, when I grow, money in the bag
Keep the sand in the bag, all my niggas in the bag
I'm not tryna be like you, when I grow, money in the bag
Keep the sand in the bag, all my niggas in the bag
I'm not tryna be like you, when I grow, money in the bag
Keep the sand in the



[Intro]
Breaking news, my niggas
If your girlfriend has went to any
Season opener basketball game
Best believe, she's fucking some niggas on that team
She's fucking somebody on the basketball team
If she's at the game
Right, right, yeah

[Chorus: Drake]
I say bounce that shit like woah
Yeah, bounce that shit like woah
This is not a fairytale, I already know how you like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl, that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like woah, woah, woah
Woah, woah, heard all of the stories about you
I already know and I like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl, that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like woah, yeah
Bounce that shit like woah

[Verse 1: Drake]
Why you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake?
You know I love to go there
Say I'm actin' lightskin, I can't take you nowhere
This a place for families that drive Camrys and go to Disney
They don't need to know all of our business
You wildin', you super childish, you go to CVS for Kotex
In my Bugatti, I took the key and tried to hide it
So you can't drive it, and put on mileage
Then you find it, awkward silence
Momma is a saint, yes, she raised me real good
All because of her I don't do you like I should
Don't make me give you back to the hood
Don't make me give you back

[Chorus: Drake]
I say bounce that shit like woah
Yeah, bounce that shit like woah
This is not a fairytale, I already know how you like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like woah, woah, woah
Woah, woah, heard all of the stories about you
I already know and I like it
Take you to the mall and get you a new outfit
Girl, that's just some child's play
Bounce that shit like woah, yeah
Bounce that shit like woah

[Refrain 1: Drake & Ha-Sizzle]
Yeah, rode that dick like a soldier
She rode it like a soldier
She rode it like a jungle soldier
She rode it like a, yeah, yeah
I got it, yeah

[Verse 2: Drake]
You don't wanna fall in love, I know
I'm not someone you should trust, I know
I give Chanel out like a hug, I know
I knew a couple of your friends way before
How many girls have slept in this bed?
Say a different number than the one that's in my head
Lying to protect you, I be doing that a lot
My past checkered like the Louis you just got
Married in our twenties, now, where the fun in that?
My city love me like a college running back
Pack a bag, you gon' end up staying where I'm at
Took you from the hood and I could never give you back
I just wanna let you know that someone love you back
All the Cadillac like I'm Teddy Pendergrass
Whippin' on this shit, I'm getting ready, where you at?
Riding...

[Refrain 2: Ha-Sizzle]
She rode that dick like a soldier
She rode it like a soldier
She rode it like a Melpomene soldier
She rode that dick like a soldier
She rode it like a soldier
She rode it like a jungle soldier
Rode that dick like a soldier
She rode it like a soldier
She rode it like a Melpomene soldier
Burrrrat stick it, b-burrrrat stick it
Burrrrat stick it, ba-ba-ba stick it
Burrrrat stick it, ba-ba-ba stick it
Burrrrat stick it, ba-ba-ba stick it
Burrrrat stick it, ba-ba-ba stick it
Burrrrat stick it, ba-ba-ba stick it

[Outro]
Thank you, thanks, Drake, thanks baby
Motherfuckers drunk and tired
Tired, I'm tired, boss

[Produced By: Noah “40” Shebib]



[Hook: Teyana Taylor]
Christmas in Harlem
Right after autumn falls
Soakin’ it all in
Then we go hit the mall
Even though we ain’t ballin’
Feels like we bought it all
The mistletoe’s right here
Come give a kiss to Santa Claus

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Merry Christmas to all, and all a good night
Huh, now we all livin’ the good life
Yeah, though it’s forty below the wind chill
And we wipin’ snow up off the windshield
It’s still, wonderful night to be alive, baby
And I’m, so happy I’m with my baby
And we a li’l late wit’ the Christmas gifts
Rushin’ for the mall, don’t trip, you know I drive crazy
The streets lit up, it feel like Christmas officially
Told her that “You the star at the top of my Christmas tree”
My only question is, “Where my presents?”
She said, “Shhh,” she got a gift for me that ain’t for the kids to see
Well, I like the way you think, mami
Now pour some more eggnog in you drink, mami
Got a surprise for you that ain’t on your Christmas list-es
Gave her the hot chocolate, she said “It’s D-ricious”

[Hook: Teyana Taylor]

[Verse 2: Cyhi the Prince]
First, I wanted to say Merry Christmas to y’all
For Santa Claus, so bake a turkey, burn a few logs
I be there soon, on my sled, me and Rudolph
Thugs think I’m a Blood ’cause I won’t take this red suit off
Ha, I swear I got the freshest wardrobe
I let my beard grow ’cause it’s cold in the North Pole
Her voice slow ’cause “I always got a sore throat”
Okay, stop it, no more jokes
You never see me ’cause I shop when the stores close
And my sleigh go faster than the Porsche go
Ha, I got nine reindeers
That’s Dancer, that’s Prancer on the fourth flo’
That’s Comet, that’s Cupid, that’s Vixen
That’s Donner, that’s Dasher, that’s Blitzen
Happy Kwanzaa, and for the ones that aren’t Christian
Everybody gets gifts as long as I’m livin’
So look forward to havin’

[Hook: Teyana Taylor]

[Verse 3: Teyana Taylor]
All the flashin’ lights up on a tree
The house lit up ni-ice
Wit’ your family’s where you wanna be
Here on Christmas night
When you wake up and you see the gifts
Don’t that make you feel go-ood?
So since we all snowed in in Harlem
Let’s have Christmas in the hoo-hood

[Bridge: Teyana Taylor]
All of the flashin’ light
Yeah, when they shine so bright
Always for you and me
Baby, you’re Christmas Eve
If you like what you see me
Won’t you come sit on my knee?
Tell me everything that you want
‘Cause, baby, I’m your Santa Claus

[Hook: Teyana Taylor]

[Verse 4: Kanye West]
I peeped it, you know what?
Need some reindeer for this one
I wanna hear sleigh bells on this one
Got a new suit on this one
The newborn look too cute for this one
Yeah, the new winter coat for this one
Yeah, gotta let it snow on this one
Huh, all the Christmas cheer for this one
The whole family up in here on this one
Yeah

[Hook: Teyana Taylor]



[Chorus]
Something sinister to it, pendulum swinging slow
A degenerate moving through the city with criminals, stealth
Welcome to enemy turf, harder than immigrants work
"Golf" is stitched into my shirt
Get up off the pavement, brush the dirt up off my psyche
Psyche, psyche

[Interlude]
"Can I get that, oh... let me get that beat in my headphones, louder."

[Verse 1]
It's probably been twelve years since my father left, left me fatherless
And I just used to say I hate him in dishonest jest
When honestly I miss this nigga, like when I was six
And every time I got the chance to say it I would swallow it
Sixteen, I'm hollow, intolerant, skip shots
I storm that whole bottle, I'll show you a role model
I'm drunk, pissy, pissing on somebody front lawn
Trying to figure out how and when the fuck I missed moderate
Momma often was offering peace offerings
Think, wheeze cough, scoffing and he's off again
Searching for a big brother, Tyler was that
And plus he liked how I rap, the blunted mice in the trap
Too black for the white kids, and too white for the blacks
From honor roll to cracking locks up off them bicycle racks
I'm indecisive, I'm scatterbrained, and I'm frightened, it's evident
In them eyes, where he hiding all them icicles at?

[Chorus]
Something sinister to it, pendulum swinging slow
A degenerate moving through the city with criminals, stealth
Welcome to enemy turf, harder than immigrants work
"Golf" is stitched into my shirt
Get up off the pavement, brush the dirt up off my psyche
Psyche, psyche

[Interlude]
"Can I get that, oh... let me get that beat in my headphones, louder."

[Verse 2]
Uh... time lapse, bars rotten, heart's bottomless pit
Was mobbin' deep as '96 Havoc and Prodigy did
We were the pottymouth posse crash the party and dip
With all belongings then toss em out to the audience
Nothing was fucking awesome, trying to make it from the bottom of Syd's
Feeling as hard as Vince Carter's knee cartilage is
Supreme garment and weed gardeners garnishing spliffs
With Keef particles and entering apartments with 'zine article
Tolerance for boundaries, I know you happy now
Craven and these Complex fuck niggas done track me down
Just to be the guys that did it, like, "I like attention"
Not the type where niggas trying to get a raise at my expense
Supposed to be grateful, right? Like, "Thanks so much, you made my life
Harder, and the ties between my mom and I are strained and tightened
Even more than they were before all of this shit"
Been back a week and I already feel like calling it quits

[Chorus]
Something sinister to it, pendulum swinging slow
A degenerate moving through the city with criminals, stealth
Welcome to enemy turf, harder than immigrants work
"Golf" is stitched into my shirt
Get up off the pavement, brush the dirt up off my psyche
Psyche, psyche

[Interlude]
"Can I get that, oh... let me get that beat in my headphones, louder."



[Spoken Word: Robert Ontenient]
Me la pasé mejor que nunca aquí, a pesar de que cometí algunos errores
Pólvora y accidentes
La navidad nunca es el mejor momento para mí
¡Ah Dios, cómo extraño a mi familia!
A veces salgo y me fijo en los aviones que sobrevuelan mi casa
Enciendo un cigarillo y miro al suelo
Manteniendo mi cabeza baja por los próximos días
Con mis zapatos atados
Pero bueno
Casi terminamos muchachos, casi terminamos



[Produced by Kanye West, Hit-Boy, Anthony Kilhoffer, and Noah Goldstein]

[Intro: James Fauntleroy]
What of the dollar you murdered for?
Is that the one fighting for your soul?
Or your brother's the one that you're running from?
But if you got money, fuck it, ‘cause I want some

[Big Sean]
B-I-G, who fuckin' with me?
Oh, God! Okay

[Hook: Big Sean]
Ain't nobody fuckin' with my clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my muh'fuckin' clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
As I look around, they don't do it like my clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
And all these bad bitches, man
They want the, they want the, they want the

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
(B-I-G, oh God! Go)
I tell a bad bitch do whatever I say
My block behind me, like I'm coming out the driveway
It's grind day, from Friday to next Friday
I been up straight for nine days, I need a spa day (spa day)
Yup, she tryin' to get me that poon-tang
I might let my crew bang, my crew deeper than Wu-Tang
I'm rollin' with... fuck I'm saying? Girl, you know my crew name
You know 2 Chainz? Scrrr!
I'm pullin' up in that Bruce Wayne
But I'm the fuckin' villain
Man, they kneelin' when I'm walking in the buildin'
Freaky women I be feelin' from the bank accounts I'm fillin'
What a feelin'! Ah man, they gotta be
Young player from the D
That's killing everything that he see for the dough

[Chorus: Big Sean]
Ain't nobody fuckin' with my clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my muh'fuckin' clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
As I look around, they don't do it like my clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
And all these bad bitches, man
They want the, they want the, they want the

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
(Click clack, stick 'em up!)
Yeah, I'm talkin' Ye, yeah, I'm talkin' Rih
Yeah, I'm talkin' B, nigga, I'm talkin' me
Yeah, I'm talkin' bossy, I ain't talkin' Kelis
Your money too short, you can't be talking to me
Yeah, I'm talkin' LeBron, we ball in our family tree
G.O.O.D. Music drug-dealing cousin
Ain't nothin' fuckin' with we, me
Turn that 62 to 125, 125 to a 250
250 to a half a million, ain't nothin' nobody can do with me
Now, who with me? ¡Vámonos! Call me Hov or Jefe
Translation: I'm the shit, least that what my neck say
Least that what my check say, lost my homie for a decade
Nigga down for like 12 years
Ain't hug his son since the second grade
Uh, he never told—who he gonna tell?
We top of the totem pole
It's the Dream Team meets the Supreme Team
And all our eyes green, it only means one thing
You ain't fuckin' with the clique

[Hook: Big Sean]
Ain't nobody fuckin' with my clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my muh'fuckin' clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
As I look around, they don't do it like my clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
And all these bad bitches, man
They want the, they want the, they want the

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Break records at Louis, ate breakfast at Gucci
My girl a superstar all from a home movie
Bow on our arrival, the un-American idols
What niggas did in Paris, got 'em hangin' off the Eiffel
Yeah, I'm talkin' business, we talkin' CIA
I'm talkin' George Tenet, I seen him the other day
He asked me about my Maybach, think he had the same
Except mine tinted and his might have been rented
You know, white people get money, don't spend it
Or maybe they get money, buy a business
I rather buy 80 gold chains and go ign'ant
I know Spike Lee gon' kill me, but let me finish
Blame it on the pigment, we livin' no limits
Them gold Master P ceilings was just a figment
Of our imagination, MTV cribs
Now I'm lookin' at a crib right next to where TC lives
That's Tom Cruise, whatever she accuse
He wasn't really drunk, he just had a frew brews
Pass the refreshments, a cool, cool beverage
Everything I do need a news crew's presence
Speedboat swerve, homie, watch out for the waves
I'm way too black to burn from sunrays
So I just meditate at the home in Pompeii
About how I could build a new Rome in one day
Every time I'm in Vegas they screamin' like he's Elvis
But I just wanna design hotels and nail it
Shit is real, got me feelin' Israelian
Like Bar Refaeli, or Gisele—no, that's Brazilian
Went through, deep depression when my mama passed
Suicide, what kinda talk is that?
But I been talkin' to God for so long
That if you look at my life I guess he's talkin' back
Fuckin' with my clique

[Outro: Big Sean]
Ain't nobody fresher than my muh'fuckin' clique
As I look around, they don't do it like my clique
And all these bad bitches, man
They want the, they want the, they want the
Go!



[Intro]
(Juice 808)
Look what you made me do
Me! That's who

[Pre-Chorus]
I'm sorry for the wait, I'm sorry for the wait (Tell 'em, tell 'em!)
Tha Carter gon' be late so I cooked up a tape (Tell 'em!)
The garden's full of snakes so I had to escape
Lil homie gon' be straight, lil homie gon' be straight!
Woo! OW!

[Chorus 1]
And this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
Yeah, and I'm sorry for the wait, too
I told myself to save yourself
'Cause I can't save you (I can't save you)
I send my goons to kill somebody
I need head proof (I need head proof)
Fuck it (fuck it!) This that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
I ain't trippin', I got Barbie, I got Drake too (I ain't trippin'!)
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof (Mula!)
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table
Boop!

[Verse 1]
Who kept this shit together? Nigga, me, that's who (nigga, me!)
Who was there when niggas left us? Nigga, me, that's who
Cash Money is an army, I'm a one man army (yeah)
And if them niggas comin' for me, I'm goin' out like Tony
(Bap-bap-bap-bap)
Now I don't want no problems
I just want my money (want my money)
Ain't gotta hold no conversation
Nor my luggage (nor my luggage)
Tell whoever's countin' that I'm on a hundred
Woo, Birdman Junior – more like Ugly Duckling

[Bridge]
Takin' over, now I'm takin' over, yeah (now I'm takin' over)
Think it over? Bitch, I'm thinkin' forward, ta
I'm sippin' lean out a glass, nigga
All I got is Young Money – no more Cash, nigga, ayy!

[Hook 2]
And this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
No more am I my brother's keeper – Cain and Abel
Young Money sharp, I'm still eatin'
I just chipped my tooth (Mula!)
Tell them niggas – no love lost, 'cause I ain't got shit to lose
I told myself to save yourself
'Cause I can't save you (I can't save you)
I send my goons to kill somebody
I need head proof (I need head proof)
I found the needle in the haystack, put the thread through
I tried to stitch the wound back up, but I just bled through

[Verse 2]
Yeah, it's compensation over conversation (no more conversation)
Lord, I must got blurry vision, a nigga's got two faces (amen)
Lord, this game is a vampire (woo!)
Blood, you gotta protect your neck
It'll suck you dry like raisins, Lord
But fuck that, nigga, got it drawn out
Fuck that nigga, I'ma ball out
The day you met me is the day Hell froze
On the day I left is when it thawed out (ayy!)
I'm still in the buildin'
I just had to knock a couple walls down, had to kick y'all out (ayy)
Life is a movie, but sometimes a nigga get too tired of watchin'
And walk out

[Bridge]
Takin' over, Lord I'm takin' over
Dropped the Sorry 4 The Wait until the wait is over
Sippin' lean out a flask, nigga
And all I do is smoke, fuck, and thrash, nigga, ayy!

[Hook 3]
And this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2 (sorry for the wait)
Fuck these haters, throw your board up if you skate too
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table
Tunechi – niggas don't appreciate you (don't appreciate you)
You've been down since day one
It meant nothin' on day two (damn)
Sometimes the truth is hard to swallow, and to say, too
But I graduated from that bullshit, now I hate school

[Outro]
And now I'm takin' over, now I'm takin' over (takin' over)
The old me dead and gone, that's who I'm prayin' over
Might have to go back to slangin' yola 'til the wait is over
If so, then I got bakin' soda, I got bakin' soda...



[Intro: Chance The Rapper]
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na, IGH!
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na, IGH!

[Chorus 1: Chance the Rapper]
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
I miss my cocoa butter kisses

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
Okie dokie, alkie, keep it lowkey like Thor lil bro
Or he'll go blow the loudy, saudy of sour Saudi
Wiley up off peyote, wilding like that coyote
If I sip any Henny, my belly just might be outie
Pull up inside a huggy, Starsky & Hutch a dougie
I just opened up the pack in an hour I'll ash my lucky
Tonight she just yelling "fuck me"
Two weeks she'll be yelling fuck me
Used to like orange cassette tapes with Timmy, Tommy, and Chuckie
And Chuck E. Cheese's pizzas, Jesus pieces, sing Jesus love me
Put Visine inside my eyes so my grandma would fucking hug me
Oh generation above me, I know you still remember me
My afro look just like daddy's, y'all taught me how to go hunting (BLAM!)

[Chorus 1: Chance the Rapper]
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank (Innanet)
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
I miss my cocoa butter kisses (Innanet)

[Verse 2: Vic Mensa]
I will smoke a little something but I don't inhale
Everywhere that I go, everywhere they be asking how's it going
Say the going's well, go figure, Victor's light skinned
Jesus got me feeling like Colin Powell, all praise to the God
God knows he's a pro, he's a pro like COINTEL
Check, check mate, check me take me to the bedroom
Like she know me well, I mean normally
You see Norma Jean wouldn't kick it with Farmer Phil
But these kids these days, they get so high
Burn trees, smoke chlorophyll, 'til they can't feel shit
Shit-faced, faced it, 15 hits on this L
Elevated, train, and the craziest thing
Got me feeling like Lauryn Hill, miseducated, my dick delegated
Rap Bill Bellamy, they said I shoulda never made it
Probably shoulda been dead or in jail
Deadbeat dad, enough of that jazz
Asshole, absinthe up in that glass
Are we there yet? Ice cubes in a bong
Rip, brain dead, take a tug and then pass

[Bridge: Vic Mensa]
I think we all addicted
Yeah, I think we all addicted
Really though, I think we all addicted
I think we all addicted

[Chorus 2: Vic Mensa]
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my momma think I stank
I got burn holes in my memories, my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
I think we all addicted

[Chorus 1: Chance the Rapper]
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
I miss my cocoa butter kisses

[Verse 3: Twista]
I could make a flow, pitter patter with a patter pitter - juicy
Used to be in a jalabiya and a kufi
Trying hard not to be addicted to a groupie
I ended up on an album cover in a Coogi
You see, I be still a God but a goofy
You be flowing about drugs and a Uzi
That's the new principle, sometimes I'mma be about some hoes
Sometimes I'mma wanna make a movie
And when it come to rapping fast, I'm the Higgs Boson
And though my style freakish
I could still break your body down to five pieces like I did Voltron
'Cause I'm addicted to the craft and I be off a OG
Know me, I'm the Obi-Wan Kenobi of the dope see
Never scared of mean spirits, methamphetamine lyrics
Cooler like I'm offa codeine, low key
Don't be so judgmental, even though I'm reminiscing
If I don't know what I miss is
I'ma end up figuring out that it's home
And my mother and my grandmother cocoa butter kisses
This is just a testament to the ones that raised me
The ones that I praise and I'm thanking
I need 'em but the chronic all up in my clothes
And I wanna get a hug, and I can't 'cause I'm stanking
Never too old for a spanking, IGH!

[Chorus 2: Vic Mensa]
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my momma think I stank
I got burn holes in my memories, my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
I think we all addicted

[Chorus 1: Chance the Rapper]
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
I miss my cocoa butter kisses

[Prod. by Cam & Peter Cottontale]

[Click here to watch the making of the beat with Cam]



[Verse]
Went to Six Flags, six fags came up
And said "Ayo! Can we get a pic?" I said no
And they said "Oh! It's Wolf Gang, "Yonkers", Goblin is my shit though"
Now I'm like, "fuck, I don't want to be an asshole"
So I'm sitting there posing with Travis, Devon
With a fake smile like her titties was drawing it on
So fucking annoyed 'cause I missed Goliath
'Cause some kid said I was there, then they caused a riot
Now I'm surrounded by a 25 hound of fuckers tryna get a photo
All because they noticed the top with the box logo
And them fucking ears, guarantee they didn't even hear Bastard
They bandwagon-jumped me from a pogo
I'm going fucking loco, "Hey, Tyler, can I...?"
No, bitch, don't you see me tryna buy a fucking churro?
"But Tyler, you're my hero, I used to get bullied
Until I heard "Radicals," the last part got to me
See, I used to give a fuck until my cock would bleed
Now I'm the happiest I think I'll ever ever be
My life is just like yours, no father
My momma must have forgot to stop with a popped condom
In school I was the one that was thinking outside boxes
So everybody in them would say that I got problems
So when I heard you say it, I said it back like fuck 'em
You're an inspiration to niggas like me
Not the niggas who like you just 'cause of lyrics and beats
I'm talking 'bout the niggas who don't know where they're going to be
I heard the song "Bastard" right in the moment of heat
Not in summer, but of course, I was holding a heat
Gun on the edge of my feet, I heard that first piano chord
And it drew me in like predators carrying treats
Then I said to myself, "Fuck, is he speaking to me?"
See, me and you, we go together like snare and a beat
I mean snare and a kick drum, see my forearm?
I carved OF on it this morning with a glass shard
On my green mini ramp that I built in my backyard (that's weird)
That's hard, that scar from playing air guitar
When I see you play at the Roxy (uhh)
Tyler, I love you, wanna be just like you (alright)
I think about your face and I don't even fucking try to (no homo)
Wish I had a basement meant for me to hide you
We could play Xbox and listen to "In Search Of..." and eat donuts
Over conversating 'bout what church does
Come up with weird-ass videos with roach bugs
I'm straight edge too, so no drugs on this trip
And Raquel that bitch, you should've killed that bitch
You should've took me instead (uhh, that's weird)
See, if you can't have her then he shouldn't neither
And if I can't have you then she shouldn't either
No one should see you, but me in your t-shirt
I worship you until the fucking wrinkles on my knees hurt (what the fuck)
Odd Future, Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, Flog Gnaw, free Earl mobbing
I know it seems like I'm just slobbing on your knob
But I'm just a fan and I ain't losing my fucking noggin (yeah, you are)
I ain't got a job and I went out and bought Goblin about 5 times
'Cause (Thanks for the support) I love you man (alright)
I like tie-dyed tees or just plain white tees
I like pants that's cut, I like words like "fuck"
I got your pics on my wall with the mouth cut out
Now paper cuts on my balls because your dick's in my jaw (what the fuck)
And I hit you on Twitter about 10 minutes a day
And now I'm bitter 'cause you don't even reply with a "hey" (sorry)
And my boys think I'm gay 'cause I play "VCR"
In my car all alone speakers waking up neighbors..."
All right, my nigga, calm down, it's getting weird, take this pic
So I can get on Colossus, line as slow as molasses
(Tyler, listen) No, nigga, I see you're loving my shit
And I appreciate the fact that you would suck on my dick
But I'm not gay so it's awkward, now I'm grouchy like Oscar
After spilling some shit on his newest pair of beige Dockers
"Yonkers" and "Yonkers" (I love that song) Sick of hearing about "Yonkers"
I'm grateful that it worked, I attacked and I conquered
"Yeah whatever but I had a fucking blast at that concert
I was at the Boston one, I got a t-shirt from Sagan
The one that say "Sagan Lockhart" and when you came out to "Sandwitches"
That's when my fucking boy-crush got started"

[Outro]
Just take this fucking picture man, shit...



[Intro: The Mighty Hannibal]
I wanna talk to all you addicts out there
That's got yourself a great big Jones
An' you done tried all the methadone
An' you just can't leave that heroin alone
I wonder, have you tried

[Verse 1]
Dope just touched down, I'm so grateful
Numbers so low, bitch, be thankful
They say don't let money change you
That's how we know money ain't you
Bitch, I been had, bitches been bad
We buy big boats, bitch, I'm Sinbad
Downright sinful, bitch, we been full
All my dopeboys, we like kinfolk
BMore burnt spoon, DC glass pipe
VA sent bales, 'bout that trap life
Blew through thousands, we made millions
Cocaine soldiers, once civilians
Bought hoes Hondas, took care children
Lent my pastor, build out buildin's
Rapped on classics, I been brilliant
Now we blend in, we chameleons, ahh!

[Chorus: George Jackson]
Never have I been locked up in a world of misery
I need you darlin' to set me free
Come back, baby, try me one more time
Ooh, baby, I'm 'bout to go out of my mind
I can't—

[Verse 2]
Who else got the luxury to drop when he want
'Cause nobody else can fuck with me? What a show-off
Nigga, wrist for wrist—let's have a glow-off
Fuck it, brick for brick—let's have a blow-off
If we go by connections made
I can still climb ladders when complexions fade (yugh)
White on white, that's the Testa
Black on black, that's the Tesla
See these diamonds in this watch face?
All that shit came from pressure
They don't miss you 'till you gone with the wind
And they tired of dancin' like a Ying Yang Twin
You can't have the Yin without the Yang, my friend
Real niggas bring balance to the game I'm in (eghck!)
Can't escape the scale if I tried, interstate trafficking's alive
Push

[Chorus: George Jackson]
Never have I been locked up in a world of misery
I need you darlin' to set me free
Come back, baby, try me one more time
Ooh, baby, I'm 'bout to go out of my mind
I can't—

[Verse 3]
Still fresh off the boat, niggas
Don't make me super-soak niggas
Your life ends up a quote, nigga
The good die young, all dogs go to heaven
It's really just momma's fallin' out on the reverend
I play musical chairs with these squares
Rich flair before they was Ric Flair's
Cocaine concierge, longest runnin' trapper of the year
Stood the test of time like Dapper Dan
Season my sauce like Zatarain's
Is he still in the caravan? (no)
It's a mil' in the caravan? (whoa)
Richard Mille on a leather band (whoo)
Behind the wheel like an ambulance (go)
On my way up to Maryland (gone)

[Chorus: George Jackson]
Never have I been locked up in a world of misery
I need you darlin' to set me free
Come back, baby, try me one more time
Ooh, baby, I'm 'bout to go out of my mind
I can't—
Come back, baby, try me one more time
Ooh, baby, I'm 'bout to go out of my mind
I—I can't—



[Verse 1]
My life, screw it with a drunk bitch
Like what the fuck are we doin'
We kissin', I'm weezing, it's time to play Tetris
I play piano, jack off I'm anorexic
I'm fucking asthmatic, my records problematic
Talkin' to myself because my therapist done had it
All the racial slurs from the wangsters playin' from Lenny Kravitz
Love Lockdown like I am some sort of faggot
But I'm not in the first place
Waiting on my dad to say hi on my birthday
Cause Jesus wouldn't even be my friend on Church day
I plan on getting back *censored* the worst way
In the jungle, I planned on the keeper
Inside of the cage cause I'm a motherfuckin' Zebra
Obama's in office, niggas get job like teachers
Lookin' out, retarded kids screamin' out fuck slob, Jesus

[Refrain: Casey Veggies]
And I can write a hook fast
I can get straight to the cash
Y'all niggas come last, I'm first though
No rehearsal, I know it all like Urkel
You can call it commercial
So turn it up, turn it up
Odd Future won't stop it

[Verse 2]
I make music for a reason, didn't vote Obama
So you can charge me with treason
Year round asshole, the fuck you season
The flu, I'm sick that's why everybody sneezin'
I'm always cheesin', smile for a reason
Fuck as I fuck you, I'm always teasin'
My daughter need milk and a quilt
So I'm sellin' the the haze for six bucks cause she always sneezin'
Some people need drugs, some people need dubs
On they car note to go to the club
But really, really, really, all I need deep down is a hug

[Refrain]

[Verse 3]
Look, I'm back like niggas on a bus
With a Rosa Parks state of mind, I don't give a fuck
And I'm strollin' Down South like Good Luck Chuck
In a Malcolm X shirt chillin' with the Ku Klux
Klan, I ain't nothin' to fuck with
O.F. clan they ain't nothin' to fuck with
The O.F. clan they ain't nothin' to fuck with
This Black Snake Moan is somethin' to suck bitch



[Chorus: Dom McLennon]
Falling for the wrong one
Feeling like the right time
But at least I felt something
Think I’m losing my mind

[Verse 1: Dom McLennon]
I’m in need of your love, I just need you right here
Sharing all of those things, whispering in my ear
Tell me what they can’t know, show me what they can’t see
Tell me all the ideas, they would never believe
You see I remember my home
I remember those trees, I remember those pasts
I remember the breeze, I remember the reason why all of those people that passed
Remember you opened your heart for a second
Gave me your time for a minute
Remember the tone in your voice when I told you that I might be coming to visit
But maybe I’m tripping
You catching me slipping
Down this road again
But this time I ain't falling
First day back 'cause the demons keep calling
Look at this world and I start withdrawing
And its so hard not to fade, see its so hard not to fall
But I gotta find peace
And I gotta find sleep 'cause I don’t see it at all
So I’m going, going, going, deeper and deeper
You see I’m finding it out before my spirit gets weaker
I got a fever, fever
But feeling sick in the head
I need a doctor, doctor
Or just one more cigarette
I’m saying

[Chorus: Dom McLennon]
Falling for the wrong one (I love you)
Feeling like the right time (I love you)
But at least I felt something
Think I’m losing my mind

[Bridge: Dom McLennon]
If I die alone, then I probably deserve that
You can tear your face up but don’t act like you ain't earn that
If I die alone, then I probably deserve that
You can tear your face up but don’t act like you ain't earn that
If I die alone, then I probably deserve that
You can tear your face up but don’t act like you ain't earn that
If I die alone, then I probably deserve that
You can tear your face up but don’t act like you ain't earn that

[Verse 2: Merlyn Wood]
Oh yeah she fine
Soft from behind
Like I’m running out of time
Yeah she hurt your fucking feelings with that
Ass of hers
Dunno just to what I’m feeling with uh-
Get on her
How cannot tell I’m feeling its like-
I’m in her
World, living, breathing
You know I’m not even Steven
'Cause I could not be
Shia born in a house fire, damn
Baby, where you do that
I'ma little bit insane, yeah
Put you on game, yeah
Make you maintain, yeah
Stare up in your lane, yeah
Whatever you say, yeah
Alway-always say yeah
Rather see me dead, yeah
Than see me in your bed yeah, yeah, yeah



[Verse 1: Earl]
Uh, was always smartmouthed and quick-witted
But somethin' was always missin' like six digits, lucky seven
Probably poppa, little nigga so they picked on him, hassled him
Things changed when I hassled back, so, David hit the pavement
With this grapple rap, Snapple fact: you rather wack
While I am poppin' like a snappin' crack
So high you could see like Tallahass, the opposite of cataracts
Matter fact I am Farmer John milkin' cattle tracks
Action packed nipple squeezin', boy colder than sniffle season
Simple genius, go hard and spit bits of semen
So when the street is split, don't act surprised, agree with it
The gang of wolves that creeps in crypts
As deep as Dawson's Creek and shit
I pray they got gills either that or grab some floaties
I know I got skills, why you think I'm posted boastin'?
Braggin', tell these faggots to stop naggin'
Cause them Wolf Gang niggas threw them off the bandwagon like

[Verse 2: Tyler]
Uh, was always fucked up as shit with it
But I didn't cross the line until the bridge hit it, troll
I got you niggas nervous like virgins flirtin' with Uncle Mervin
Fuckin' y'all with no lubricant, go grab the detergent
I preach to demons at your church, now I'm the newest sermon
Wearin' nothin' but they fuckin' blast with the matchin' turban
I drive through white suburbans in the black Suburban swervin'
Hittin' curbs and blastin' Erick Sermon, drunk off English bourbon
I'm stealin' purses rapin' nurses, I'm a crooked surgeon
And treat the beat like sanitized nazi puss, I'm a German
I'm squirtin' while I'm masturbatin' and regurgitatin'
From eatin' Miley Cyrus salad pussy platter they were servin'
My only purpose is to jerk it cause it has a curve
So bitches hate to do me like ex-convict community service
This my Zombie Circus, you better get a fuckin' ticket
Odd Future Wolf Gang, like they're filmin' Twilight in this bitch

[Verse 3: Earl]
I'm back on my sixty six sick shit
Flowin' like the blood out the competition's slit wrists
She lick it up, Dracula, then spit it back, back at ya
She mad as fuck, stuck in the back of a black Acura
Fed her acid now the duct tape quacks back at her
Hello Heather yellow feathers now you ain't laughin', huh

[Verse 4: Tyler]
Bitch you're barely breathin' leavin' on the back of the boat
While I fill you up with semen from the Wolf Gang team and
Flowin' like the creampie inside of your daughter
Oughta eat the bitch with salt & wash it down with a gallon of water
I grab the saw and sawed her arm off and auctioned it
And dip her teeth in gold molds and flossed the shit
Fuckin' awesome, spittin' box of trees, got you niggas
Shakin' like it's Parkinsons from the clitoris of Kelly Clarkson's dick
Ironin' you niggas now it's time to starch the shit
Drown your bitch in a tub of cum and throw a shark in it
Find a random abandoned garage and go to park in it
Find Earl laying on the burgundy carpet, pull my knife out
Sharpen it, stab him, put a arch on it
Pour unleaded gas on him, get the Zippo and spark the shit
Hop back in the van and then depart the bitch
Killed him on his own track, the faggot shouldn't have started it



[Verse 1]
Knock-knock, mothafuck it's me, Mr. Clusterfuck
What, when, where, how, like who gives a fuck
Golf Wang M-O-B, mopping niggas ante up
Ain't been this fucking sick since brain cancer ate my Granny up
Rest in peace or lie in it, life ain't got no light in it
Darker than that closet that nigga Frankie was hiding in
Open it, dope in it, Bobby where's my fucking pipe?
Dress my little dick as Ike, twenty says I hit your wife
This is life, truthfully I just want to fly some kites
Grab Salem and Slater and go around, riding bikes
Get some ice cream, Golf Wang Roscoe's for the night
To skate around and do annoying shit that older peeps despise
Nigga fuck it though, going hard as riga mo
Got a nigga dollars and a couple cracker kids at shows
Cracked a couple kids in the head with this cast
Had a blast out Europe, had a Swedish bitch licking toes
That's how it goes, designing clothes
Cats on everything, cats on everything
You think all this money will make a happy me?
But I'm 'bout as lonely as crackers that supermodels eat
Everybody's sparking but me, and I keep coughing
Can't keep calm in this spot's hot box and I'm getting nauseous
Hop in the car, ride to Saugus, and head straight to the office
Pissed off at Jasper because that's some faggot shit called "Pink Dolphin"
I roll here on a mean unicorn
Green hat, Vans, Golf top is the team uniform
Downing that Capri Sun, tighten my bandana up
Something like a lez, I'm forgetting my damn manners cause

[Hook]
I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy

[Verse 2]
When you're alone thoughts start coming in
Punching in that dark lock box and they start rummaging
Shit you've got to battle with, wishing they could skedaddle
But it makes your shadow say none, fun and grab the gun again
I needed to get out of the house
So I hit the Dead Sams, and we went biking it out
In a black hoodie, with an Arizona and a bag of Skittles
Just to see what all that fucking hype is about
Now everytime you see a roach you think of me, ay?
Cause everytime I see one I think what his parents would say
In court saying I ate him, I wasn't present that day
I was with Whitney smoking, sitting at the dock of the bay

[Hook]
I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy

[Verse 3]
Do you know how weird it is knowing I make a bunch of cheese
While my friends can't afford little pizzas from Little Caesars
And their whole goal is to roll up and smoke bowls
So I don't feel bad when they not eating
(But you still treating us, you punk bitch)
Wolf Haley got more methods than Pinkman
I'm never civil, fuck Lincoln, 'Preme out the bag it's no wrinkles
I'm okie dokie and loopy and booboo nana and caca
If you think I'm fucking koo-koo, try talking to my shrink then

[Skit: Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC, Sam, and Wolf]
"Hey..."
"Bitch."
"I'm right here."
"Yo, who's that..?"
"That's Salem, that's my girlfriend. You stay the fuck away from her alright?"

[Hook]
I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy



[Produced by Kanye West & Jon Brion]

[Chorus: Kanye West & The Game]
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
How we stop the Black Panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that? What Gil Scott was hearin'
When our heroes or heroines got hooked on heroin
Crack raised the murder rate in D.C. and Maryland
We invested in that, it's like we got Merrill lynched
And we been hangin' from the same tree ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we, cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it
Sell it, the fiends cop it, nowadays they can't tell if
That's that good shit, we ain't sure man
Put the CD on your tongue, yeah that's pure man

[Chorus: Kanye West & The Game]
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
From the place where the father's gone
The mothers is hardly home
And the Madigan's lock us up in the Audy Home
How the Mexicans say, we just tryin' to party holmes
They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical
Arm & Hammer baking soda raised they own quota
Right when our soldiers, ran for the stove 'cause
'Cause, dreams of being Hova
Went from bein' a broke man to bein' a dopeman
To bein' the President, look there's hope man
This that inspiration for the Moes and the Folks man
Shorty come and see his momma straight overdosin'
And this is the soundtrack
This the type of music that you make when you 'round that

[Chorus: Kanye West & The Game]
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)

[Kanye West]
God, how could you let this happen [echoes]

[Chorus: Kanye West & The Game]
That's that crack music, crack music
That real black music, black music
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music, crack music
That real black music, black music
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)

[Outro: Malik Yusef]
Our Father, give us this day, our daily bread
Before the feds give us these days and take our daily bread
See I done did all this ol' bullshit
And to atone, I throw a lil' somethin' somethin' on the pulpit
We took that shit, measured it and then cooked that shit
And what we gave back was crack music
And now we ooze it through they nooks and crannies
So our mommas ain't got to be they cooks and nannies
And we gon' repo everything they ever took from granny
Now the former slaves trade hooks for Grammys
This dark diction has become America's addiction
Those who ain't even black use it
We gon' keep baggin' up this here crack music



[Intro]
I'm recordin' that shit on the fuckin' little mic
By the little camera thing on the fuckin' Mac book
So this shit is choppy and bad quality, but fuck it
Wolf Gang, Ace Creator

[Verse 1]
Somebody tell Justin Beiber that I'm fuckin' coming
Ain't no point in runnin', I'm a nigga, just a little quicker
So I catch him stretchin', have him guessin' where his cracker throat
Chop his balls off and use his skin to make a baby coat
Ain't he dope? No, he the same as shit that Tyler wrote
This is Ace, Wolf is in the back with Travis snortin' coke
Riley's here, Connie's dead, pickin' pussy pisses pike
She won't leave, dick as big as Kelly Price's appetite
Apprehend a couple men, triple six is fuckin' sin
Make Queen Latifah and Sydney go slap a couple dykes
Wrap around 'til they hit the ground and they hear a sound
That doesn't make sense like nigga kids wearing cap and gowns
This my album, and when your parents try to come around
Do the fuckin' exact opposite of turnin' it down
And when they try to get parental and start talkin' loud
Tell them that you're from the Wolf Gang and you're fuckin' proud
Then start barkin' loud 'til the neighbors wanna calm you down
But call the pigs, who'll probably come in bout a half an hour
Tell them that your sorry, you're a cow, took a fuckin' shower
But make it in time for shitty re-runs of Rocket Power
This is the shit that is makin' me cynical
The clinical attempts at schizophrenia's critical
Fuckin' voices follow me, emulatin' like twitter roll
O.F. is a cult, assume that I'm the fucking general
So when I mention suicide, I'm being Mr. Literal
The coke inside nine capsules, fuck it let's split a roll
Life is like a phone booth, these pigeons is the fuckin' toll
1-800-fuck-this-shit
Seven years old in my heart, so I'm stayin' gold
But when I fuckin' go, Lucifer will probably have my soul
It's hot down there, fuck that, bitch I'm hot as coals
Out the microwave, mixed with a bowl of yellow raviol
And a firetruck and Arizona durin' summertime
In a turtle neck, thermal jeans, spit purple wine
Wolf Gang pete and gon' live, running outta time
The fuck I give is the same as the next line

[Outro]
(Fuck everything) That's what my conscience said
Then it bunny hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
So the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement
Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit



[Verse 1: André 3000]
"Baby, did you hear that?" "Yeah, baby, I heard it too"
Look out the window, golly, the sky is electric blue
Mama Earth is dying and crying because of you
Raining cats and jackals, all shackles disintegrate to residue
Silly mortals haven't a clue as to what the funk is going on
I'm on the telephone dialing the Dungeon ("Hello?")
This Dre, bring the MP and the SP
Meet me at the center of the Earth and travel carefully
Baby, grab the baby, cause baby, it ain't much time
Mama Earth is tossing and turning and that's a sign
Omega nigga I.F.O.s are landing in Decatur
Hope I'm not over your head, but if so you will catch on later
Played the track, guess she could not take it anymo'
Raping her heavenly body like a ho, coochie so'
From niggas constantly fucking her, never loving her
Never showing appreciation, busting nuts in her face when they done

"Who said good folks is not supposed to die?"

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
The sky is falling, nobody balling, they done gave back they guns
For some tickets to the playoffs, but the Hornets, they won
Nigga, we slum, kept all the guns, I gotta protect my family
I drove the biggest thing in the house cause I knew they'd try to ram me
But I'm stabbing, making my way on expressway the best way I know how
Look up in the sky, east, west, no clouds
Him coming now, fuck that money now
I ask my honey how she feeling and is Jordan okay? "Yeah, yeah, she chillin'"
We should be at The Dungeon shortly, ain't nobody on they porch, see?
Approaching the final exit, I'm thinking I see four horsies
But I don't though, nigga, you won't know until it's on ya
I put that on my dope boys from A-Town to California
All the weed smell like ammonia but at the Dungeon I know they're smoking
Writing the raps and doing the beats to make this last recording
Fuck abortion, I got in the booth to run the final portion
The beat was very dirty and the vocals had distortion

[Outro: André 3000]
"Who said good folks is not supposed to die?"
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well



[Intro: "Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang" + "Five Deadly Venoms"]
A game of chess is like a swordfight:
You must think first before you move
Toad style is immensely strong
And immune to nearly any weapon
When it's properly used it's almost invincible

[Verse 1: U-God]
Raw I'ma give it to ya, with no trivia
Raw like cocaine straight from Bolivia
My hip-hop will rock and shock the nation
Like the Emancipation Proclamation
Weak MC's approach with slang that's dead
You might as well run into the wall and bang your head
I'm pushin' force, my force you're doubtin'
I'm makin' devils cower to the Caucasus Mountains

[Verse 2: Inspectah Deck]
Well, I'm a sire, I set the microphone on fire
Rap styles vary and carry like Mariah
I come from the Shaolin slum, and the isle I'm from
Is comin' through with nuff niggas and nuff guns
So if you wanna come sweatin', stressin', contestin'
You'll catch a sharp sword to the midsection
Don't talk the talk if you can't walk the walk
Phony niggas are outlined in chalk
I'm mad vexed, it's what the projects made me
Rebel to the grain, there's no way to barricade me
Steamrollin' niggas like an 18 wheeler
With a drunk driver drivin', there's no survivin'

[Verse 3: Raekwon the Chef]
Rough like Timberland wear, yeah
Me and the Clan in 'Yota Landcruisers out there
Peace to all the crooks, all the niggas with bad looks
Bald heads, braids, blow this hook
We pack chrome TEC's, nickel-plated MAC's
Black AC's, drug-dealin' styles in phat stacks
I only been a good nigga for a minute though
'Cause I got to get my props and win it, yo
I got beef with commercial-ass niggas with gold teeth
Lampin' in a Lexus, eatin' beef
Straight up and down, don't even bother
I got 40 niggas up in here now who kill niggas' fathers

[Chorus: Method Man]
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Bees on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats

[Verse 4: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Here I go, deep type flow
Jacques Cousteau could never get this low
I'm cherry bombin' shits… BOOM!
Just warmin' up a little bit, vroom vroom
Rappinin' is what's happenin'
Keep the pockets stacked and then, hands clap and then
At the party when I move my body
Gotta get up and be somebody!
Grab the microphone, put strength to the bone
DUH DUH DUH… enter the Wu-Tang zone
Sure enough when I rock that stuff
Huff? Puff? I'm gonna catch your bluff tuff
Rough, kickin' rhymes like Jim Kelly
Or Alex Haley, I'm a Mi-…Beetle Bailey rhymes
Comin' raw style, hardcore
Niggas be comin' to the hip-hop store
Comin' to buy grocery from me
Tryin' to be a hip-hop MC
The law, in order to enter the Wu-Tang
You must bring the Ol' Dirty Bastard type slang
Represent the GZA, Abbot
RZA, Shaquan, Inspectah Deck
Dirty Ol' gettin' low with his flow
Introducin' the Ghostface Killah
No one could get iller

[Chorus: Method Man]
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats

[Verse 5: Ghostface Killah]
Speakin' of the Devil, psych!
No, it's the God, get the shit right
Mega trife, and yo, I killed you in a past life
On the mic while you was kickin' that fast shit
You reneged, tried again and got blasted
Half-mastered-ass style, mad ruff task
When I struck I had on Timbs and a black mask
Remember that shit? I know you don't remember jack
That night, yo, I was hittin' like a spiked bat
And then you thought I was bugged out, and crazy
Strapped for nonsense, after me became lazy
Yo, nobody budge while I shot slugs
Never shot thugs, I'm runnin' with thugs that flood mugs
So, grab your eight plus one
Start flippin' and trippin', niggas is jettin', I'm lickin' off, son

[All]
Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang!
Wu! Tang! Wu! Ta-a-ang!

[Verse 6: Masta Killa]
Homicide's illegal and death is the penalty
One justifies the homicide when he dies in his own iniquity?
It's the master of the Mantis Rapture comin' at ya
We have an APB on an MC Killer
Looks like the work of a master
Evidence indicates that his stature
Merciless like a terrorist hard to capture
The flow changes like a chameleon
Plays like a friend and stabs you like a dagger
This technique attacks the immune system
Disguised like a lie, paralyzin' the victim
You scream as it enters your bloodstream
Erupts your brain from the pain these thoughts contain
Movin' on a nigga with the speed of a centipede
And injure any motherfuckin' contender

[Chorus: Method Man]
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gats



[Intro: J.K. The Reaper]
Fang life!
You ain't never heard no tales from the darkside
You ain't never heard no tales from the darkside
Welcome to the land
You ain't never heard no tales from the darkside
What it's 'bout?!

[Verse 1: Denzel Curry]
It’s ‘bout a young nigga, running away from the moon to catch the sun quicker
Drug dealer, Nino with the steelo trying to sell kilos and grams
Settling angry stomachs up in his fam
So if that silver spoon on your plate, if you touch that, that's your fate
Don't have faith, Like Evans, you got to face demons to get to your heaven
The pimps is the prophets, not prophets for reverends, this is the lifestyle of a broke adolescent
So here's a lesson of a teen that survived Rikers
But shortly, his life had ended with a bullet that's made out of Midas
Touch

[Chorus: J.K. The Reaper]
You ain't never heard no tales from the darkside
You ain't never felt the pain of the darkside
You ain't felt the burning flames of the darkside
You ain't have a fucking name on the darkside
You ain't never heard no tales from the darkside
You ain't never felt the pain of the darkside
You ain't felt the burning flames of the darkside
You ain't have a fucking name on the darkside

[Verse 2: J.K. The Reaper]
Knew a young brother without a name, he was in love with his nina strap
And steadily schemin, barely sleepin, but dreamin of pretty bitches and beamers
But when he awake, he sees his fate
And his reality, to do whatever it takes to elevate his fucking salary
Any niggas a casualty, kill 'em, rob 'em
Then casually walk off into the darkness, it all started
When he was, welcomed into our fucked up world, the son of a fucked up girl
And his father was just a blur, his life had took a curve
When he saw his brother dead on the curb, due to retaliation
Of the gang relation,  he was young, a kid, a baby
And yet to realize the pollution of the nation
Now he 18 life in jail is what he facin'
Shit, murder was the case that they gave him
Shit, murder was the case when they raised him
Mind stuck in the all black prison
You think he give a fuck about the system?

[Interlude]
(Car driving)
Nigga we gotta get this money
Damn right
We gotta get this money, I got the plans...
Everything's set up
Just got to go in there-..
Got the banger man, as long as you got the hammer man, we out
...Go by the book...
You ready to do this shit or what?
Yeah, yeah, 'this what I got to do

[Verse 3: Nell]
Out on the gank, rolling the dank
As he cased out the bank,  he was catching that shank
Getting loaded the stick,  trying to major his rank
Thugging was how he was brought in the paint
Rush the security, no longer pure was thee
Soul turned it cold for the love of the gold
Bust in the air, everyone hit the floor
Not giving a fuck, loc-ing off of the 'dro
Bodied a nigga, riding in a dropped ‘Lac
Top back, cruising them twenty fours
So I went crazy, my vision got hazy
I walked in the bank, and I start to get bold
Clutching that pistol grip
The teller was moving too slow so I pistol-whipped
The bitch, he was twitching, bust at a civilian
And blasted the mag with no mask in the buildin’

[Verse 4: Denzel Curry]
Burn the fingertips off, replace the dental
Left the golden bullet magic in his coufie, no his temple
That’s engraved, leaving corpses
In graves, Glock 17 cutting fades
Barber,  we dumped the security in the harbor
Then we switched the identity, chose the name Leroy Carter
The bank teller looking short and squeamish
Steve pistol-whipped the bitch; she kept screaming
Shut up, ho, before a nigga nut up, ho
Steve said he couldn’t take the shit
So he took her to the back, then Steve grabbed the MAC
Then he put it to her head, and then he ripped the bitch
Boy, we gotta do a job or we might get toast
13 shots rung out and it left two ghost
Tales from the dark side, jack move, riding
Trials and tribulations of the dark and violent



[Intro: Open Mike Eagle]
We have a fuckin', uh, incredible show for you tonight
Pardon me for saying "Fuckin'" on network television—
I'm not gonna have this job for long—It's Exile!
It's me, it's you. These are our guests
Let's go. Yeah

[Open Mike Eagle]
I gave up and became a Spotify-er
Paying myself a fraction of a penny playing "Qualifiers"
I'm looking up and I'm stuck in a Chucky movie
Saying yucky shit for chuckles like it's Lucky Louie
So somebody better cancel me
Before I get a chance to screen this ass-naked dance routine
It's dark comedy, cold as a soldier's stare
I've been exposed, so now the LOLs is my over-wear
And I'm a polar bear with words for a fancy song
I think it's the first verse from Little Miss Can't Be Wrong
Fuck you, I like the Spin Doctors
Is that dude Finn's father or just an impostor?
The new internet thing's to be pretend awkward
Non-prescription, thick-rimmed frames and rented gym lockers
I'm a rapper, we lament being broke
All the comics get money, but they spend it on coke
You can watch us on the newsfeeds
Fucking y'all's mornings up
Until America admits that it likes dogs more than us
And I can see the Super Bowls of the future:
The Ferguson blacks vs. Missouri State Troopers
The privacy rights vs. the personal computers
Concussion researchers vs. university boosters
I graduated college, I purchased all the extra books
I'm supposed to be living in a house with a breakfast nook
Joke's on me, though
All this cheap alcohol and no Coke Zero
Ashamed how proximity kills yo heroes
Hey, yo, no poking, I'm still woke, Cee-Lo
Yeah, It's all ripped from the headlines
I'm all outta options like a Crip on the red line
I got a deadline, before I never had a deal
Stormed out of business meetings, slipped on mass banana peels
I should probably shut my stupid mouth
Shirtless in a fur hat and Vladimir Putin pout
And North Korea's got practice missiles
And I still check Yahoo cause we both got attachment issues
Our Congress moves just like a cult could
Invade Iraq 15 times in my adulthood
And we quit asking for the reasons
And clicked the Constitution's terms of service agreements
We're dreaming from sundown to high noon
And woke up by U2 albums all in your iTunes
And it's close to a all out war
With kids being murdered just for being black and tall outdoors
They respond to demonstrations wearing kevlar briefs
When the main problem is nobody respects our grief
They say if it bends it's funny, if it breaks it ain't though
I still got broke pockets and trying to host the Late Show
Recording it every night, but I don't know where the tape go
Homeless fashionistas tell me everything that they know
Yeah, you got a style
Tie them fancy sandals up, smile
You on the NSA's candid cameras, now
I'm in a church basement learning Shotokan
I saw Jesus taking a selfie and I photobombed
And dude better tag me
A little recognition makes me do better gladly
Like this one time when I got booed at a track meet
In a Hellfyre Club sweater for two letter athletes
One for regret dreams, one for most suppressed team
Pressure valve gets released and sprays like a jet stream
Karl Kani’s and Z Cavaricci’s from Chess King
K-Mart name brands were the least interesting
I appreciated presidential speeches on the West Wing
I never had wet dreams or piloted an X-Wing
I'm still terrible at being sarcastic black
My man Exile, he knows what I'm laughing at
My man Toy-Light, he knows what I'm laughing at
The studio audience knows what I'm laughing at

[Outro: Open Mike Eagle]
Laughing at all types of shit
I laugh at, um, CNN. I don't know why
That might be an issue; that might be a problem actually
It's not, it's not a humorous channel, you know what I mean?
It's not trying to compete with Comedy Central
If anything, it's trying to compete with Headline News
Which I'm pretty sure is like the same company
Or it's trying to compete with, uh, MSNBC kinda
MSNBC is blue and to the left
CNN is red, white, and black, and in the middle
And Fox News is bright red and hollerin', and on the right
And there's an elephant and a donkey
And then an eledonkeyphant. A donkaphant
Uh, a helladonkaphant. Shit



[Verse 1]

Dark comedy cold as the ocean
Add a lol cause nobody seems to know when I'm joking
For those who haven't heard of me
I'm bad at sarcasm so I work in absurdity
On that laugh to keep from crying tip
Rap like Wyatt vs Chet in Weird Science
Cause my genre's all hack
Actions cliche, melodrama falls flat
And everybody's getting fired
I flew off the handle, and boy are my arms tired
Rap songs like Patch Adams
Shadyac thought of it as art 'til they laughed at it
Rap songs like Steven Wright
Monotone drone, people wonder if he breathing right

[Hook]

We got that dark dark comedy
That dark d-dark dark dark d-dark comedy

[Verse 2]

Cause rappers ruin the punchline
Like stand up club hecklers doing the punchline
Cause I'll tweet on Sunday morning like a preacher at a church
Because my true religion is the thirst
It's like Burn After Reading
The dark ugly truth that addicts learn at the meetings
Sean already wrote about the modern man
The only other option is the plight of the hologram
It's dark comedy, I would've called it black
If another dude calls me a racist, I'mma snap
Cause Google knows what's in my cabinet
And Facebook logs all of my favorite sandwiches
And what they need the damn data for
To analyze the shit they'd need a whole 'nother labor force
Cause I'm addicted to my celly
And I gotta have some coffee in my belly, ya smell me

[Verse 3]
There's mad shootings on the news
Unless it's in the Chi, cause blacks and mexicans can die
I swear we live in John Lennon songs
Matching track suit like dude in Royal Tenenbaums
It's like the In Living Color cast
We laugh and try not to wish death on the upper class
I'd like to run up on the Koch Brothers
And beat 'em with a garden hose made of old rubber
Give 'em rock bottoms and a cold stone stunner
Drop some cold butter on 'em from the skyscraper
Pistol whip 'em with the handle of a lightsaber
Cut 'em with rice paper, chuckle like a wiseacre
Instead think of something sarcastic, black
My man Nocan knows what I'm laughing at
My man Busdriver knows what I'm laughing at
My man Milo knows what I'm laughing at



[Verse 1]
Chilling at the house on a couch with the box crayons and a line of cocaine
My nose is on fire like a button with propane, it's dripping all red of old gangs
And now you've seen your stars and your face numb like a funny bone cupping at ice
And your nose white like your head's covered in lice
But we both dazed, and I think I found my wife

[Hook]
Dazed and Amazed and I'm dazed and I'm blown
Dazed and Amazed and I'm dazed and I'm gone
Dazed and Amazed and I'm dazed and I'm home



[Verse 2]
Chilling at the house on the couch, nose white
Mind is travelling, thoughts is mental
I'm trying to get into your pus just like a pimple
And I wait for the Cat in the Hat to pop through the window
The opium is in slow
Thin Though
Put My Brim Low
Let the lights dim low



[Verse 1: 2Pac]
When I was young, me and my mama had beef
Seventeen years old, kicked out on the streets
Though back at the time I never thought I'd see her face
Ain't a woman alive that could take my mama's place
Suspended from school, and scared to go home, I was a fool
With the big boys breakin' all the rules
I shed tears with my baby sister, over the years
We was poorer than the other little kids
And even though we had different daddies, the same drama
When things went wrong we'd blame Mama
I reminisce on the stress I caused, it was hell
Huggin' on my mama from a jail cell
And who'd think in elementary, hey
I'd see the penitentiary one day?
And runnin' from the police, that's right
Mama catch me, put a whoopin' to my backside
And even as a crack fiend, Mama
You always was a black queen, Mama
I finally understand
For a woman it ain't easy tryin' to raise a man
You always was committed
A poor single mother on welfare, tell me how you did it
There's no way I can pay you back, but the plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated

[Hook: Reggie Green & "Sweet Franklin" +  2Pac]
Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya?

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Now, ain't nobody tell us it was fair
No love from my daddy, ‘cause the coward wasn't there
He passed away and I didn't cry, ‘cause my anger
Wouldn't let me feel for a stranger
They say I'm wrong and I'm heartless, but all along
I was lookin' for a father, he was gone
I hung around with the thugs
And even though they sold drugs
They showed a young brother love
I moved out and started really hangin'
I needed money of my own, so I started slangin'
I ain't guilty, ‘cause even though I sell rocks
It feels good puttin' money in your mailbox
I love payin' rent when the rent is due
I hope you got the diamond necklace that I sent to you
‘Cause when I was low you was there for me
And never left me alone, because you cared for me
And I could see you comin' home after work late
You're in the kitchen, tryin' to fix us a hot plate
You just workin' with the scraps you was given
And Mama made miracles every Thanksgivin'
But now the road got rough, you're alone
You're tryin' to raise two bad kids on your own
And there's no way I can pay you back, but my plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated

[Hook: Reggie Green & "Sweet Franklin" +  2Pac]
Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya?

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Pour out some liquor and I reminisce
‘Cause through the drama I can always depend on my mama
And when it seems that I'm hopeless
You say the words that can get me back in focus
When I was sick as a little kid
To keep me happy there's no limit to the things you did
And all my childhood memories
Are full of all the sweet things you did for me
And even though I act crazy
I gotta thank the Lord that you made me
There are no words that can express how I feel
You never kept a secret, always stayed real
And I appreciate how you raised me
And all the extra love that you gave me
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night, there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if you hold on
It's a struggle every day, gotta roll on
And there's no way I can pay you back, but my plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated

[Hook: Reggie Green & Sweet Franklin +  2Pac]
Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, lady (Dear Mama)
Lady, lady



[Produced by: Tyler, The Creator]

[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
Um, excuse me mister but can you please turn down the lights?
I don't really like all these cameras, man
And this shit just don't feel right
And I don't really wanna be rude to you, sir
But fuck you mean I can't wear my hat in here?
And you got me fucked up, if you think I care, nigga

[Verse: Tyler, The Creator]
I hope you little niggas is listening
Them Golf Boys is in this bitch like an infant
The blind niggas used to make fun of my vision
And now I pay a mortage and they stuck with tuition
So special the teacher asked if I was autistic
And now I'm making plates, you just washing the dishes
So if you don't mind, get the fuck out of my kitchen
But keep your ego here so I can butt fuck your opinion
But in the meantime brainwashing millions of minions
Leader of the new school? (Ha, I'm in my own school)
And you would never catch me in none of their fucking shin-digs
I hope you fucking niggas is angry, pissed, and offended
In Search of... did more for me than Illmatic
That's when I realized we ain't cut from the same fabric
I made my own shit, you went out and bought yours
Man I got too much drive, motherfucker, I hate traffic
La-di-da-di, I'm going harder than coming out the closet to conservative Christian fathers
When it's a lot at stake carne asada let's be honest, I'm really morphing
Named the album Cherry Bomb because Greatest Hits sounded boring
I don't like to follow the rules, she said that I must
I don't have any armpits
She wanted to talk who's in charge of this Golf shit
I said "Howdy do? How are you? I'm the sergeant"
And who I are isn't really important
My heart is as dark as a window with car tint
So hop in with your friends, gal and I'll unpark it
And I'll do donuts until the fat one is carsick
It's young T

[Bridge]
I don't like to follow the rules
And that's just who I am
I hope you understand
And I don't really think y'all cool
So give yourself a hand
No, no, give yourself a hand
Better pose for that camera
Better pose, boy you better pose
And it's your life nigga I suppose
For the lights, for the camera, and the action
Now you're face is meltin' from the flash of the big ol' lights
Nigga you ask for this life

[Outro]
Welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Kissing on my bean bag
Your lips high-five my tongue
And my fingers moonwalk through your hair
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
This is fun I can tell
I don't know if you'll handle it well
Welcome to hell camp
(Lights, and the camera, and the action)
You should be mine in a way tonight
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)



[Intro: Lil Wayne & 2 Chainz]
If it wasn't for Wayne, it wouldn't be
You tatted your face
Bugatti, new boo
You screamed, "Suu whoop"
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You bought a Bugatti, so you can flex
Most of the bad bitches your ex

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Tattoos, suu whoop, Bugatti, new boo
New subject, new paper, new class, new school
New buddies, new haters, new ass, new boobs
Much later, too soon, too bad, too cool
Too hot, too lit, too high to move
Two eyes to view but too blind to bloom
Who lied to you?
Two middle fingers that's up high to whom
It may consume, kaboom, goddamn
Who knew that I am the guru with voodoo
That sued you to high hell
With shooters that shoot through the iron, man
And see through the con man and now he a dyin' man
I turned a goddamn into a God's Plan
Go over the diagram and get to the job, man
Watch for the spy cam
Sit back and watch and do not watch your watch hand
Give me some time, man
I am the bomb, man
I am gon' swim 'til I come out on dry land or on the fryin' pan
No we did not land on Plymouth Rock
But it landed on our land, now I'm just buyin' land
Back to the block where they got more rock fans
Than a fuckin' rock band under a rock, man
We need Barack, man, I do what I can
To keep it solid as a you know what I'm sayin'
With some rock playin'

[Chorus: 2 Chainz & Lil Wayne]
You tatted your face and changed the culture (you changed)
You screamed, "Suu whoop," and them gangsters loved you (yeah, yeah)
You bought a Bugatti so you could flex (so you can flex)
And most of the bad bitches your ex

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I started this shit, you just part of this shit
I'm the heart of this shit, and the heart doesn't skip
Take the heart of yo' bitch, 'cause like Bart, you a simp
And your water don't drip so your garden ain't shit
You just countin' the money, I'm drownin' in money
Like, "Where the fuck is the lifeguard in this bitch?"
I go Mars in this bitch, watch me orbit and shit
For the art of this shit, Andy Warhol and shit
Go retarded as shit, you go sweet tangy
I go tart on this shit, I'ma barf on this shit
I'm a martian and shit, you an orphan, lil' bitch
If I taught you some shit, that's like Harvard, lil' bitch
You ain't talkin' 'bout shit but you softer than shit
Walk it like you talk it, now you walkin' in shit
I go Marvel movie on some marvelous shit
In the spotlight too long, should be darker than this
This is Tha Carter, lil' bitch

[Chorus: 2 Chainz & Lil Wayne]
You tatted your face and changed the culture (you changed)
You screamed, "Suu whoop," and them gangsters loved you (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You bought a Bugatti so you could flex (so you can flex)
And most of the bad bitches your ex

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I started this shit, they borrowed this shit
I thought of this shit, they thought it was it
I'm doggin' this shit, they bark and they sit
Put a fork in that shit, which drawer to look in?
I brought in this shit, the starters get benched
The orders get sent, then targets get hit
Billion dollar smile
I sell myself short if I grin, I'm bargainin' then
Apartments and shit, I could park in this shit
In the foreign car that I could talk to and shit
With a cultural bitch I can talk to and shit
'Bout the culture and shit, how I altered this shit

[Refrain: Lil Wayne]
Tattoos, suu whoop, Bugatti, new boo
Tattoos, suu whoop, Bugatti, new boo
Tattoos, suu whoop, Bugatti, new boo
All of that shit, just tha Carter lil' bitch

[Outro: Lil Wayne, 2 Chainz & Barack Obama]
You changed, suu whoop (you tatted your face)
Bugatti, new boo (you screamed, "Suu whoop")
Tattoos, suu whoop, Bugatti, new boo
Tattoos, suu whoop, Bugatti, new boo
Tunechi
(If it wasn't for Wayne, it wouldn't be)
They might think they've got a pretty good jump shot, or a pretty good flow. But our kids can't all aspire to be LeBron or Lil Wayne!



[Intro]
Before we go any further
Friends

[Verse]
As you call 'em, they call you when they need something
Trees for the blunt, the G's for the front
I found a way to get peace of mind for years and left the hell alone
Turn a deaf ear to the cellular phone
Send me a letter or better, we could see each other in real life
Just so you could feel me like a steel knife
At least so you could see the white of they eyes
Bright with surprise, once they finish spitting lies
Asssociates, is your boys, your girls, bitches, niggas, homies
Close, but really don't know me
Mom, dad, comrade, peeps, brothers, sisters, duns, dunnies
Some come around when they need some money
Others make us laugh like the Sunday funnies
Fam be around whether you paid or bummy
You could either ignore this advice or take it from me
Be too nice and people take you for a dummy
So nowadays he ain't so friendly
Actually they wouldn’t have made a worthy enemy
Read the signs: "No feeding the baboon"
Seein' as how they got ya back bleeding from the stab wounds
Y'all know the dance, they smile in ya face, y'all know the glance
Try to put 'em on, they blow the chance
Never let your so-called mans know your plans
(How many of us have them?) A show of hands
(Friends) is a term some people use loosely
I'm real choosy on what I choose to let crews see
You telling me; I try to act broke
Jealousy the number one killer among black folk
Fellas be under some type of spell like crack smoke
Ghetto Cinderellas, lead 'em right to your stack, loc
Just another way a chick'll lead to your end
I check the dictionary for the meaning of friend
It said: person, one who likes to socialize with
Sympathiser, helper, and that's about the size of it
Most of the time these attributes is one-sided
To bolster the crime, they're apt to shoot you through your eyelid
And they can't hide it, going wild like a white bitch
Sometimes ya need to cut niggas off like a light switch
(Click!) And when things get quiet
Catch 'em like a thief in the night, what a riot
I first met Mr. Fantastik at a arms deal
Don't let it get drastic, think of how your moms'll feel
When it get for real, steel get to sparkin'
Everything darken, and ain't no talkin'
For somethin so cheap, it sure buys a lot of trouble
Ya better off focusing than tryin to plot to bubble
Or else it'd be a sad note to end on, the guns we got is
(One's we can depend on, friends)
Some come in the form of codependence
A lot of times only end up being codefendants
Ten bucks say they tell for a lower sentence
And leave you up under the jail, begging for a penance
It don't make no sense, what happened to the loyalty?
Honor amongst crooks, trust amongst royalty
I'd rather go out in a blaze, than give 'em the glory
(How many of us have--) a similar story
(Friends) before lovers, we used to have some type of over-standing
Just so when I let her get the man thing, she know it's no strings
We could do the damn thing, but ho, it's no rings
Just how the tramp swings
Will she see 'em again?
That depends on how good was the skins and could she memorize the lessons
It ain't no need to pretend
Even though she let 'em stab it, she know they're just friends

[Outro]
Friends
How many of us have them?
Friends
Ones we can depend on?
Friends
How many of us have them?
Friends
Before we go any further

[Skit]
Fellas! Don't be silly! I know who my friends are!
And the next nice neighborhood I move into, you guys'll get crack'
(Negro humor always escaped me.)

[Outro Skit: Character 1; Mr. Fantastic; (Invisible Woman);
Dr. DOOM; Character 2]
The most powerful, the most mysterious monarch in all the world
Guided by a fighting force that never sleeps
That never relaxes its vigilance
For none is as feared, none has as many foes
As DOOM, the awesome ironclad lord of
I know who Doom is (Then tell us)
He happens to be the most dangerous man in the world
I’d hope we’d never hear from him
I’d hope we’d never have to battle him
But now the worst has happened and I must tell you what we’re up against
I first met DOOM years ago
When he wanted to be alone, alone to pursue his forbidden experiments
One day while conducting a secret experiment
[Explosion sounds] Later, when he recovered from his injuries
Instead of having learned his lesson, DOOM was bitter, angry, vengeful
[Woman screams] What have I done to myself?
My face, it is hideous
He traveled the world, seeking a cure for his disfigured face
(I’m sorry sir, there is nothing we can do for you)
He traveled through remote villages, where strangers are seldom seen
He continued his search, never showing his face
Unless threatened by bandits who prey on travelers
Who foolishly wander alone through their domain



[Hook]
Tell me what you niggas know bout niggas like me
Rollin' K.O.D. while on LSD
Tell me what ya'll niggas know bout niggas like me
Rollin' K.O.D. while on LSD
I'm fried, I'm in my zone
I got that kush, I got Patron
I got that weed, and LSD
And your bitch just popped a molly
I'm fried, I'm in my zone
I got that kush, I got Patron
I got that weed, and LSD
And your bitch just popped a molly

[Verse]
I be the universe gangster, runnin' through your damn block
Click, clack, poppin', that's the sound of the grey matter Glock
So I be Aquarius killa, that nigga guerrilla when runnin' up
Alaska in my heart so who gon' tell me that I give a fuck
Or what Goddess that I'm smashin' when I leave the club
Angel, soarin' through the dancefloor like a kokita
God damn, really when the mother nature got us up in my galaxy
Lavishly, livin' in the mansion where we play Grey's Anatomy
Doctor, I am so proper, look at the posture
I'll cross her, and finally caught her but then I lost her
Found her, a close encounter, over-the-counter
I bounce her, I wouldn't play her cause I'm not Bowser
Arouse her, gave her a heart, drop dollars and browsers
Amped up, I think we stamped up, she's in my trousers
Wowsers, she's at the tower, peek in the shower
The flowers become the power within the hour
Cowards, spaces to outer, green as the outer
Glow, after I'm stickin' my dick in this ho, beggin' for mo', woah
Woah, slow down, she thought I was destroyin' her
She likes the way it feels when she's searchin' for euphoria

[Bridge]
Euphoria, euphoria, I'm glidin' through South Florida
On acid tabs, shawty with a chick that look like Gloria
Estefan back in 1985
Shake that ass just like a conga when you get a nigga high
Euphoria, euphoria, I'm glidin' through South Florida
On acid tabs, shawty with a chick that look like Gloria
Estefan back in 1985
Shake that ass just like a conga when you get a nigga high
Euphoria, euphoria, I'm glidin' through South Florida
On acid tabs, shawty with a chick that look like Gloria
Estefan back in 1985
Shake that ass just like a conga when you get a nigga high
Euphoria, euphoria, I'm glidin' through South Florida
On acid tabs, shawty with a chick that look like Gloria
Estefan back in 1985
Shake that ass just like a conga when you get a nigga high

[Hook]
Tell me what you niggas know bout niggas like me
Rollin' K.O.D. while on LSD
Tell me what ya'll niggas know bout niggas like me
Rollin' K.O.D. while on LSD
I'm fried, I'm in my zone
I got that kush, I got Patron
I got that weed, and LSD
And your bitch just popped a molly
I'm fried, I'm in my zone
I got that kush, I got Patron
I got that weed, and LSD
And your bitch just popped a molly



[Produced by Bink! and Mike Dean]

[Intro: Kanye West]
Uh, uh
I love it though
I love it though, y'know?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I’m preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
May the Lord forgive us, may the gods be with us
In that magic hour I seen good Christians
Make rash decisions, oh she do it
What happened to religion? Oh, she lose it
She putting on her make up, she casually allure
Text message break ups, the casualty of tour
How she gon' wake up and not love me no more?
I thought I was the asshole, I guess it’s rubbing off
Hood phenomenon, the LeBron of rhyme
Hard to be humble when you stunting on a jumbotron
I’m looking at her like this what you really wanted, huh?
Why we argue anyway? Oh, I forgot, it's summertime

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I’m preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but she done learned a lot from Satan
(Satan, Satan, Satan)
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
When the sun go down it's the magic hour, the magic hour
And outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies
You got green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes
Why you standing there with your face screwed up?
Don’t leave while you're hot that’s how Mase screwed up
Throwing shit around, the whole place screwed up
Maybe I should call Mase so he could pray for us
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat
I ordered the jerk, she said you are what you eat
You see I always loved that sense of humor
But tonight you should have seen how quiet the room was
The Lyor Cohen of Dior Homme
That's "Dior Homme", not "Dior, homie"
The crib Scarface, could it be more Tony?
You love me for me? Could you be more phony?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
Haven’t said a word- Haven’t said a word to me this evening
Cat got your tongue?

[Instrumental Interlude: Mike Dean Guitar Solo]

[Verse 3: Rick Ross]
Lookin' at my bitch I bet she give your ass a bone
Lookin' at my wrist it'll turn your ass to stone
Stretch limousine, sipping Rosé all alone
Double-headed monster with a mind of his own
Cherry red chariot, excess is just my character
All black tux, nigga shoes lavender
I never needed acceptance from all you outsiders
Had cyphers with Yeezy before his mouth wired
Before his jaw shattered climbing up the Lord's ladder
We still speeding, running signs like they don't matter
Uh, hater talking never made me mad
Never that not when I'm in my favorite papertag
Therefore G4's at the Clearport
When it come to tools fool I'm a Pep Boy
When it came to dope I was quick to export
Never tired of ballin' so it's on to the next sport
New Mercedes sedan, the Lex sport
So many cars DMV thought it was mail fraud
Different traps, I was getting mail from
Polk County, Jacksonville, rep Melbourne
Whole clique appetite's had tapeworms
Spinning Teddy Pendergrass vinyl as my J burns
I shed a tear before the night's over
God bless the man I put this ice over
Getting 2Pac money twice over
Still a real nigga, red Coogi sweater, dice roller
I'm making love to the angel of death
Catching feelings never stumble, retracing my steps



[Produced by Kanye West, Devo Springsteen and Jon Brion]

[Intro: Shirley Bassey]
Diamonds are forever
They're all I need to please me
They can't stimulate or tease me
They won't leave in the night
Have no fear that they might desert me

[Hook: Kanye West & Shirley Bassey sample]
(Diamonds are forever forever forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever forever forever
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
(Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever ever?
Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever?)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Good mornin', this ain't Vietnam still
People lose hands, legs, arms, for real
Little was known of Sierra Leone
And how it connect to the diamonds we own
When I speak of diamonds in this song
I ain't talkin' about the ones that be glowin'
I'm talkin' about Roc-a-Fella, my home
My chain, these ain't conflict diamonds
Is they, Jacob? Don't lie to me, man
See, a part of me sayin' keep shinin'
How when I know what a blood diamond is?
Though it's thousands of miles away
Sierra Leone connects to what we go through today
Over here it's a drug trade, we die from drugs
Over there they die from what we buy from drugs
The diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses
I thought my Jesus piece was so harmless
'Til I seen a picture of a shorty armless
And here's the conflict
It's in a black person soul to rock that gold
Spend your whole life tryin' to get that ice
On a Polo rugby, it looks so nice
How can somethin' so wrong make me feel so right?
Right? 'Fore I beat myself up like Ike
You can still throw your Roc-a-Fella diamond tonight

[Hook: Kanye West & Shirley Bassey sample]
(Diamonds are forever forever forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever forever forever
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
(Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever ever?
Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever? Ever ever?)

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question, dawg, "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance that bring our rain back
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?"

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Yup, I got it from here, 'Ye, damn
The chain remains, the gang is intact
The name is mine, I'll take blame for that
The pressure's on, but guess who ain't gonna crack?
Ha ha, pardon me, I had to laugh at that
How could you falter when you're the Rock of Gibraltar?
I had to get off the boat so I could walk on water
This ain't no tall order, this is nothin' to me
Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week
I do this in my sleep
I sold kilos of coke, I'm guessin' I can sell CD's
I'm not a businessman; I'm a business, man!
Let me handle my business, damn
Kanyeez you got me, Freeway then Foxy
YG's, Teairra Mari, Peedi watch me
Bleek could be one hit away his whole career
As long as I'm alive he's a millionaire
And even if I die he's in my will somewhere
So he could just kick back and chill somewhere
Oh yeah, he don't even have to write rhymes
The Dynasty like my money: last three lifetimes
Shirley Bassey's in the rear
Sayin' exactly what I've been sayin' practically my whole career
The diamond is forever, I've been minin' this forever
Now the Louis Vuitton Don's timin' couldn't be better
People lined up to see the Titanic sinkin'
Instead we rose up from the ash like a phoenix
If you're waitin' for the end of the Dynasty sign
It would seem like forever is a mighty long time
(I'm Young, bitches!) Good night!



[Produced by Kanye West, Devo Springsteen and Jon Brion]

[Intro: Shirley Bassey]
Diamonds are forever
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might
Desert me

[Hook: Shirley Bassey & Kanye West]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived
'Cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe
Does he write his own rhymes? Well, sort of, I think 'em
That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of
Damn, is he really that caught up?
I ask, if you talkin' about classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort
Or even a four-track recorder
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
Spoil yourself, that's important
If your stripper name "Porsche" and you get tips from many men
Then your fat friend, her nickname is "Minivan"
Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man
I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't, because—

[Hook: Shirley Bassey & Kanye West]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in him
Thirty minutes later sein' there's no convincin' him
What more could you ask for? The international asshole
Who complain about what he is owed?
And throw a tantrum like he is three years old
You gotta love it though: somebody still speaks from his soul
And wouldn't change by the change or the game or the fame
When he came in the game, he made his own lane
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name
It's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say Kayne
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown
Back in the Chi, them Folks ain't from Moe Town
Life movin' too fast, I need to slow down
Girl ain't give me no ass, you need to go down
My father been said I need Jesus
So he took me to church and let the water wash over my caesar
The preacher said we need leaders
Right then my body got still like a paraplegic
You know who you call; you got a message, then leave it
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic
Yeah, the beat cold, but the flow is anemic
After debris settles and the dust get swept off
Big K pick up where young Hov left off
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off
I dropped my new shit, it sound like the best of
A&R's lookin' like, "Pssh, we messed up."
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up
Bottle after bottle 'til we got messed up
In the studio, with Really Doe, yeah, he next up
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question, dog: "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?"
They pray for the death of our dynasty like "Amen"
R-r-r-r-right here stands a man
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands

[Hook: Shirley Bassey & Kanye West]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

[Outro: Shirley Bassey]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)



[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
Southside, brought the wave back (yooo)
Hair nappy, need a wave cap (yooo)
Same state where Trae at
That's the reason for the mothafuckin' ASAP
That's MOB nigga (naw!)
Why you all dressed up, why your teeth messed up
Why you look so lost, nigga (hellooo)
Don't get it twisted down in the dirty south
All we do is floss, nigga, that shit late
Boss, nigga, that one me
Ain't got time, can't no nigga take mine
That shit our shit, lose it? No way (uh, uh, ow!)
I'm over it, I'm over it (ow!)
I'm on and in and out it (ow!)
I'm nauseous, I'm nauseous (ow!)
It hurts to think about it, oww!

[Pre-Chorus: Joba & Kevin Abstract]
I've been riding 'round with my people (uh, dirty south)
And I always put it down for my people (uh, uh, dirty south)
She ain't ever caught them southern feels (uh, dirty south)
But she gon' catch them southern feels

[Chorus: Joba & Kevin Abstract]
'Cause I get it while it's hot
I get it non-stop as I watch that body rock
Swanging through town, banging through town
Let me slow it down as I get my money right
Got this ice on my wrist, candy painted Lexus
Finna' hit a lick with my squad
Got a muddy cup of the purple stuff
Take a puff, get buck, feel the southern love

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
Scumbag from the Lone Star state
Come around here
You could be the next nigga on The First 48
Niggas run around with a snub 38
Gotta hold it down and protect your 28's
'Cause since 18
A nigga had a dream of that thang on the spokes
I got my mouth froze, got them thangs on the low
Who the fuck spoke?
Don't mind my southern drawl
Got a pocket full of stones for all of y'all
If he up, then watch him ball
Plot to make these niggas fall, shoot through walls
Take they money and they ki's
And don't come back without it all
Screaming fuck 'em and we ball

[Pre-Chorus: Joba & Kevin Abstract]
I've been riding 'round with my people (uh, dirty south)
Always put it down for my people (uh, dirty south)
She ain't ever caught them southern feels (uh, uh, dirty south)
But she gon' catch them southern feels

[Chorus: Joba & Kevin Abstract]
'Cause I get it while it's hot
I get it non-stop as I watch that body rock
Swanging through town, banging through town
Let me slow it down as I get my money right
Got this ice on my wrist, candy painted Lexus
Finna' hit a lick with my squad
Got a muddy cup of the purple stuff
Take a puff, get buck, feel the southern love

[Verse 3: Matt Champion]
Sock tan, pack of 'ports, dirty bitch, might double-cup her
Smokin' gas on the porch, guess you could say I'm burnin' rubber
Head is good, so I learn to love her, my dogs talk in numbers
My iPhones got iPhones, so all my friends can talk to me
My flip phone even switch lanes, my bitch got that lipstick
Like candy paint, lick it off, fuck me, then piss me off
Alexis, get my ren' on, Alexis, get my ren' on
Curve me, curve me, bitch don't hit my phone, 'cause

[Verse 4: Dom McLennon & (Matt Champion)]
Heard everything's supposed to be different 'round here
Gotta make sense of shit 'round here
It's like everybody wanna hit a lick 'round here
Guess I gotta stop giving shits 'round here
Been looking for a sign or some shit 'round here
Grind hard just to get a fuckin' grip 'round here
We don't sit 'round here, big shit 'round here
You a target if you don't fuckin' fit 'round here
Better charge it to the game, nigga (charge it to the game)
We all going insane, better find a fuckin' lane
Doing digits in a Range, nigga (I ain't even got a car)
No guts, no gain, no pain, no fame
We are not one and the same, nigga
I could change your whole life, we don't need no hype
Just to get shit lit for the night
We could set it off on a fuck nigga on sight

[Bridge: Rodney Tenor; Rodney Tenor and Joba]
Riding, riding, rolling with my southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my

[Verse 5: Merlyn Wood]
Pushing weight (moving weight, nigga!)
Got to educate
Niggas smoking on my scholarship, hanh!
That's a win-win (mrrmrmwah!)
Allowances off these college kids
BROCKHAMPTON thicker than the Wayans man
I'm an asshole, run up in su casa
And dun dun dun dun da da dun dun (nah, nah)
They deported my uncle (stop that!)
'Cause he ain't got the papers to prove it (no!)
Mama sent me to that white school (not black!)
Prove I could speak like them white kids (no!)
Act like them white kids (what?)
Smoke like them white kids (what?)
Fuck that! (what?)
I'm the all-black Johnny Cash



[Verse 1]
I got, I got, I got, I got—
Loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
Cocaine quarter piece, got war and peace inside my DNA
I got power, poison, pain and joy inside my DNA
I got hustle though, ambition flow inside my DNA
I was born like this, since one like this, immaculate conception
I transform like this, perform like this, was Yeshua new weapon
I don't contemplate, I meditate, then off your fucking head
This that put-the-kids-to-bed
This that I got, I got, I got, I got—
Realness, I just kill shit ’cause it's in my DNA
I got millions, I got riches buildin' in my DNA
I got dark, I got evil, that rot inside my DNA
I got off, I got troublesome heart inside my DNA
I just win again, then win again like Wimbledon, I serve
Yeah, that’s him again, the sound that engine in is like a bird
You see fireworks and Corvette tire skrrt the boulevard
I know how you work, I know just who you are
See, you's a, you's a, you's a—
Bitch, your hormones prolly switch inside your DNA
Problem is, all that sucker shit inside your DNA
Daddy prolly snitched, heritage inside your DNA
Backbone don't exist, born outside a jellyfish, I gauge
See, my pedigree most definitely don't tolerate the front
Shit I've been through prolly offend you, this is Paula's oldest son
I know murder, conviction
Burners, boosters, burglars, ballers, dead, redemption
Scholars, fathers dead with kids and
I wish I was fed forgiveness
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, soldier’s DNA (soldier’s DNA)
Born inside the beast, my expertise checked out in second grade
When I was 9, on cell, motel, we didn't have nowhere to stay
At 29, I’ve done so well, hit cartwheel in my estate
And I'm gon' shine like I'm supposed to, antisocial extrovert
And excellent mean the extra work
And absentness what the fuck you heard
And pessimists never struck my nerve
And Nazareth gon’ plead his case
The reason my power's here on earth
Salute the truth, when the prophet say

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar & Geraldo Rivera]
I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
This is why I say that hip hop has done more damage to young African Americans than racism in recent years
I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
I live a better life, I'm rollin' several dice, fuck your life
I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
I live a be-, fuck your life
5, 4, 3, 2, 1
This is my heritage, all I'm inheritin'
Money and power, the maker of marriages

[Verse 2]
Tell me somethin'
You mothafuckas can't tell me nothin'
I'd rather die than to listen to you
My DNA not for imitation
Your DNA an abomination
This how it is when you in the Matrix
Dodgin' bullets, reapin' what you sow
And stackin' up the footage, livin' on the go
And sleepin' in a villa
Sippin' from a Grammy, walkin' in the buildin'
Diamond in the ceilin', marble on the floors
Beach inside the window, peekin' out the window
Baby in the pool, godfather goals
Only Lord knows I've been goin' hammer
Dodgin' paparazzi, freakin' through the cameras
Eat at Four Daughters, Brock wearin' sandals
Yoga on a Monday, stretchin' to Nirvana
Watchin' all the snakes, curvin' all the fakes
Phone never on, I don't conversate
I don't compromise, I just penetrate
Sex, money, murder—these are the breaks
These are the times, level number 9
Look up in the sky, 10 is on the way
Sentence on the way, killings on the way
Motherfucker, I got winners on the way
You ain't shit without a body on your belt
You ain't shit without a ticket on your plate
You ain't sick enough to pull it on yourself
You ain't rich enough to hit the lot and skate
Tell me when destruction gonna be my fate
Gonna be your fate, gonna be our faith
Peace to the world, let it rotate
Sex, money, murder—our DNA

[Video Outro]



[Intro: French Montana]
This shit I wrote quick
Shit I hate
Broke niggas, that always got something to say
Got some nerve to have an opinion

[Hook: French Montana]
I don't give a fuck what you say about me
Broke nigga two cents don't matter
Give a fuck what you say about me
Broke bitch two cents don't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, ohh

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
There's a meaning to the kissin' of the ring
The gods don't mingle with the mortals
Peasants ain't sittin' with the kings
Goliath ain't worried 'bout your sling
And Cassius ain't bothered by your swings
You niggas keep rappin' 'bout your dreams, my reality
50 birds waitin' in the wings
Do it my way, I hit the highway with the batter
So when Kanye go on his hia', it don't matter
Since you talking 'bout me, then let's talk about this money
Let's talk about the cars and why mines shaped funny
Lets' talk about the fact you'll never take nothin' from me
Lets talk about the fact you niggas hate I'm up and runnin'
RG3 nigga, be that
Runnin' through this money and these white women
Spike Lee see that
She gotta have it and I gotta give it
And you do not relate cause you niggas do not live it, no

[Hook]
I don't give a fuck what you say about me
Broke nigga two cents don't matter
Give a fuck what you say about me
Broke bitch two cents don't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, ohh


[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Attention seekers beware, I will grant wishes
We can take this so much further than your mentions
I can get your eulogy on YouTube for instance
Have the whole world view the body
Since y'all claim I'm Illuminati, tell me why would you try me?
Kennedy, John F., or Bobby
Almost caught Reagan, but they stopped us at the lobby
And that was broad day, so how the fuck you gon' stop me?
You lil' niggas just dirty mine's is Zero Dark Thirty
Mine is night vision, witch huntin', ride for Pac worthy
I'm coke boy leanin' on you niggas
If money talk then I must be screamin' on you niggas
Top of the pile I was two thirds away
I was sidetracked busy selling two birds a day, God
Death is just a U-turn away
Two men ten paces then you turn and spray

[Hook]
I don't give a fuck what you say about me
Broke nigga two cents don't matter
Give a fuck what you say about me
Broke bitch two cents don't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, ohh
I don't give a fuck what you say about me
Broke nigga two cents don't matter
Give a fuck what you say about me
Broke bitch two cents don't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter, ohh


[Outro]
My Name is my name!



(Dogs barking)

[Intro - Ol' Dirty Bastard]
All you bitches put your naps together
And all you niggas put your sticks together

[Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Bitch hooooo
(Yeah haw heh)
Day hayyyy
(Eh hey ay hey)
De haaaaa
(Ewww hawr harr)
Haa-aa-aa-aa-aaa
(Eh haw he huu)

[Verse 1: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
She blew in like calm breeze
Tall brown skin her, weave like palm trees
I went coconuts, dip my Dunkin' between your Donut
Don't want it if it ain't no slut, bitch
Fathership touch ground like fly on soup
Don't invite me I tear the fuck down
White boys cut my toupee
Seventh day rester, or screenplay
I slump MC slay, it ain't nothin' to bust ass
Bullet him, get him fast
Bitch I don't break out, blast to the next rash
The dog piss on MCs like trees
Got meals but still grill that old good welfare cheese

[Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Hooooooo
Yeah haaaay
(Dedicated to all you bitch ass niggas)
De haaaaa
(And you bitch ass niggarettes)
Bitch hooooo
(Motherfuckers!)

[RZA]
Let that bitch know

[Verse 2 - Ol Dirty Bastard]
Shame on a nuh, who tried to step tuh
The Ol' Dirty Bas, put my foot up your uhh
Bitch, you walk around with your bra too tight
It's alright, you still gon' get fucked tonight
Hoooooo (Method Man: stankin' ass hoes)
You're the type of bitch don't appreciate shit
Never had shit, so you won't be shit
That pussy there, couldn't satisfy a hair
On my body, treat me like a lolli and slob me down
Doo Doo Brown!
Tossed salad, oh you in some shit now
Callin' me a dog, well leave a dog alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out
Here comes Rover, sniffin' at your ass
But pardon me bitch, as I shit on your grass
That means ho, you been shitted on
I'm not the first dog that's shitted on your lawn

[Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Hoooooo yeah heeeey e haaaaa
Hoooooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo
Hoooooo yeah heeeey (Wayeah hey hey)
This is dedicated to all y'all bitches (eeeeeeeeeeeee)
De haaaaaaah
Hoooooo yeah heeeey ne haaaaa
Aaaaa-aa-aa-aa-aaa

[Streetlife]
Fuck y'all

[Skit - Man 1]
Fuck is y'all niggas, Soul II Soul?
Y'all look like some nasty backup dancers for En Vogue
Lil' nasty R&B niggas
Yo, you look like, you look like you was break dancin' in Allure' video, spinnin' on his lips

[Man 2]
What's up wit' bookworm? What's up wit' bookworm?

[Man 1]
Nigga, what's up wit' your Speak and Spell shoes?
Fisher Price My First Timberlands
Them shits is old, nigga
You gotta get some Chukkas, fucka
Nigga got on a Lamont Sanford dress shirt
"Whaddaya want, ya big dummy?"
((Same guy: “Yeah, that’s me nigga!”))

[Man 2]
As for me, nigga?
((Yeah that’s you, you DJ…))

[Man 1]
And as for you, you DJ Kat Show shirt wearin' ass nigga
Your shirt look like a dish rag
Nigga, your shirt look like a curtain



[Refrain]
Spit it to you, say little West the little beast
To make the Middle West blow like the Middle East, peace

[Verse 1]
Peace, couldn't afford the S-Class
So I had to cop the baby mama Benz, Jeep
With put fifty, I get this on the first tape
But that fifty that break the bank
Back when my ATM was crazy slim, had a girl nicknamed Sprewell
'Cause when I try to stop, she still made me spin
Back when '80s was in, my dog Crazy Ken had eighty of them
It's time to hit the dancefloor, you crazy again
And get that cash money like Baby and Slim
Pull up in something tinted, so tinted she squinted
She said, "This car real old," I told her her it was vintage
And I need to hit the health club and get a girl that's
Into the fitness, tryna get into the business
I'mma make her my apprentice
Make her open wide like she made me her dentist
And let me get inside

[Chorus]
Now I've been hustling my whole life
Tryna get this money up and I think I finally got it right
And I've been partying with this one girl
Who claim, "I gotta go to work tomorrow, but tonight's the night
So pour another glass of that good stuff
A couple more shots and I'll be doing fine"

[Refrain]
Spit it to you, say little West the little beast
To make the Middle West blow like the Middle East, peace

[Verse 2]
Please, what I gotta win five Grammys
Before you finally let me play Alicia's Keys?
If I can't bone, I'll get a clone
Get her there, got her there, grab her hair
She bobbin', don't stop her there
Told me that she love the Roc so much
She drove all the way to Far Rockaway for Rocawear
More popular, 'cause I abracadabra my Nissan
To a car throwing a peace sign, peace
Damn, that's like the same line I used in the first verse
Wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wait, it gets worse
I told her S-U-C-K before we F-U-C-K
I give a F-U-C-K if your nephew see K
And if CL like U-C-K, that's how you know chickens C-L-U-C-K
I'm tryna find a crazy female with a cutie face
A big pimper on the DL, like UGK
And then I told her

[Chorus]
I've been hustling my whole life
Tryna get this money up and I think I finally got it right
And I've been partying with this one girl
Who claim, "I gotta go to work tomorrow, but tonight's the night
So pour another glass of that good stuff
A couple more shots and I'll be doing fine"



[Interlude: Dom McLennon]
Hello, beautiful humans. This is Dom McLennon right here speaking to you. You know me. Over here at Things We Lost in the Fire Radio, we about to give you everything you need. You need this song: Skylar Spence - "Why Do You Wanna Dance".



[Intro]
Swag, 2011
Young Nigga

[Verse 1: Tyler the Creator]
Sick to my motherfucking tummy
Bitch must think I'm a motherfucking dummy
Because I dress bummy, bitch think I'm broke
Bitch, I ate one roach and I made a lot of money
Popping since Bastard, (manager) Clancy's my slave master
Thanks to them crackers, my pockets are fatter than excess shit that's weighing on Jasper
I've never popped a bottle, but I've fucked a couple models in Europe
Yup, and a couple of them swallowed
Meet me half way, bitch I'm going all in
And I never pull back, shout-out to my nigga Taco

[Hook]
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

[Verse 2]
So, a couple fags threw a little hissfit
Came to Pitchfork with a couple Jada Pinkett signs
And said I was a racist homophobic
So I grabbed Lucas and filmed us kissing
Feelings getting caught, it's off, I'm pissing
You think I give a fuck? I ain't even stick my dick in yet
(No homo. Too soon.)
And while y'all are rolling doobies
I be in my bedroom scoring movies
Still excited like a fucking newbie
Suck my dick, motherfucker, sue me
Mom got a new whip so she could scoop me
A year ago, I ain't have no hoopty
Four story home, gotta climb eight set of stairs
Just to see where my fucking roof be

[Hook]
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

[Verse 3]
Wait a God damn second
I'm tripping balls, David Beckham
Would fall cause shit's going down
Just like Rodney King swimming lessons
Now me and Justin smoke sherm and been talking 'bout freeing perms
And purchasing weapons, naming them and aim 'em in One Direction
(wait a minute)
It sounds like midgets in a God damn speaker
Anytime you play this shit loud
But that's just me trying to get milk now
And the grunts of the god damn cow
Hit me on my beeper while Captain Hook suck my Peter
Pan camera, repeat procedure
And when the beat drop, have a goddamn seizure

[Hook]
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

[Outro]
Cut it out! I said I didn’t want no goddamn lettuce. I don’t want that shit! I don’t want your goddamn lettuce. He-he



[Sample: Dick Gregory]
How come...with the thousands of black cops in America...you ain't never picked up the paper, turned on the TV, or the news...and seen white folk crying...because this black cop...shot my loved one in the back of the head...cause he thought the cellphone was a gun. How come you don't see that?...You think black cops is...more spiritual? You think better qualified? Nah...They got enough sense to know that white folks ain't going to tolerate it...And the only reason they do to us what they do cause you tolerate it. Ok, I'm not telling you don't chastise these young men! But I ain't see you chastise the police!!

[Intro]
Hahahaha Real bad guy shit
Hahaha Living like a villain
Never chilling heavy influence on your chillun
Yeah!

[Verse 1]
I woke up this morning to a cop with a gun
Who told me that he looking for a nigga on the run
I thought for a second and I screwed my face
And asked them dirty pigs, “Why the fuck you in my place?”
He said “Chill or we kill, this is a warning”
Then I told him “Fuck you, where is the warrant?”
Then they got to punching and kicking and macing
Then the whole situation went Larry Davis
Thinking ’bout my lady and thinking ’bout my baby
Thinking, “Is these motherfucking pigs going crazy”
They wanna kill a nigga ’cause a nigga on his rap shit
Wanna leave me dead on a mattress, Hampton
I’m a Public Enemy because I’m Cold Lampin’
And I don’t give a fuck about a party in the Hamptons
And I don’t give a fuck about a motherfuckin' Forbes list
Far as I’m concerned, that’s a motherfuckin' whores list

[Bridge]
Motherfucker, my dad was a cop
You don’t think I know a dirty ass cop when I see one?
Shake down, take down, disrespecting-the-badge-ass-bitch!

[Verse 2]
Back to the scene going wild in the bedroom
Grab the cop’s gun left from leaking with a head wound
Second cop shot, but the bullet hit his partner
Shot him in the leg and he hit a main arter
Now the dirty cop’s looking at me
Talking ’bout he kill a nigga if I try to flee
Shit, I’m about to lose it, so he gon’ have to prove it
All because the government hate rap music
I’ve been labeled outlaw, renegade, villain
So was Martin King, so the system had to kill him
A nigga with an attitude, the world gotta feel him
Educated villain, Intent on living
If I gotta kill a cop just to get out the building
That motherfucker gettin' left dead no feelings
Yelling “Fuck him” as I buck A 45 at his fillings
Trying to knock his brains through the motherfucking ceiling

[Verse 3]
When I surface on the streets I can hear the crowd yelling
And see the neighborhood snitches pointing and telling
I’m bailing like a felon or Assata Shakur
Before the law leave me stinking like a bag of manure
Like Jeriko One in the movie ‘Strange Days’
They want a nigga dead ’cause the things that I say
Might make the youth go and pick up an AK
Tell the government “Fuck you, no way”
Like John Connor mama I be running everyday
‘Cause if I get caught it’s my life they terminate
Or stick me in a cell on Guantanamo Bay
All because a nigga won't submit and obey
I’ll be an outlaw before I ever behave
And die a free man before I live like a slave
Nothing changes, if they catch me today
“Fuck the police” is still all I gotta say



[Produced by Young Chop; co-production by Kanye West, Noah Goldstein, and The Twilite Tone]

[Introduction: Pusha T]
Fraud niggas, y'all niggas, that's that shit I don't like
Your shit make-believe, rappin' about my own life
Real names kill things, that's that shit I won't write
'Cause my niggas still sellin' dope
Like they ain't on their third strikes
Campin' out in that corridor, fuck you waitin' on Jordans for?
I middle-man it for twenty-three
Just meet me somewhere 'round Baltimore
(Woo!) That's rare, nigga (Woo!) Ric Flair, nigga
(Woo!) The power's in my hair, nigga
(Woo!) I give this beat the chair, nigga

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
SoHo or Tribeca, three hoes: trifecta
Dope money, hope money, Hublot, my watch better
My pen's better, you don't write, trendsetter, you clone-like
Pay homage or K's vomit, ungrateful niggas I don't like—rrrah!

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
(This Chicago, nigga!)

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
A smile in my face is what I don't like
They steal your whole sound: that's a soundbite
The media crucify me like they did Christ
They want to find me not breathin' like they found Mike
A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite
But I'd never hit a woman, never in my life
I was in too deep like Mekhi Phife'
In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice
Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice
Eatin' good: vegetarian with the brown rice
Girls kissin' girls ‘cause it's hot, right?
But unless they use a strap-on, then they not dykes
They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life
We hangin' out the window: it's about to be a Suge night
Free Bump J, real nigga for life
Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man, that nigga nice
Shoutout to L.E.P., Jay Boogie, right?
Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? Right?!

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
Don't like (like) don't like (like)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
(Young Chop on the beat)

[Verse 3: Chief Keef]
Fake Gucci, that's that shit that I don't like
Smokin' on this dope, higher than a kite
This bitch gon' love me now, she gon' let me pipe
Screamin', "Sosa, that's that nigga that I like!"
I don't want relations, I just want one night
‘Cause a thirsty bitch, that's the shit that I don't like
I got tats up on my arm ‘cause this shit is life
And I stunt so much in clothes ‘cause I'm livin' life
I come up on the scene, and I'm stealin' light
Bitch, I'm high off life, got me feelin' right (300)
Bitch, I'm Chief Keef, fuck who don't like!
An-an-and bitch, we GBE, we just go on sight

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like

[Verse 4: Big Sean]
Chief Keef, Chi-Town, D-Town, you know?
Whoa, we are not one and the same
Nigga, I'm fuckin' insane, fuck is you sayin'?
Yo' ass been doin' the same
Shit, not doin' what you sayin', dang
I told yo' old bitch she was fuckin' a lame
Turn one ho to a train
Blaow, blang, my niggas holdin' that pain
I just hope you been prayin'—bang bang!
Ridin' for my niggas and that's for life
High class, I'm just surrounded by these lowlives
And I run this bitch like it's no lights
Goin' hard the whole night 'cause I ain't goin' back to my old life
I promise

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang!)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang!)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang!)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like

[Verse 5: Jadakiss]
HEEEEH!
I done sold purp, I done sold white
Runnin' outta work, that's that shit I don't like
She never let me hit it, she gave me dome twice
She blowin' up my phone, that's that bitch I don't like
Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut
Put the pressure on 'em, just when they think that I eased up
Thirty for the Cuban, 'nother thirty for the Jesus
Believe in ourselves when nobody else believed us, suckas!

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like



[Intro: Pebbles the Invisible Girl, MF DOOM]
Mic Check
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
Come through dig the sound
I swear the whole world could feel you MC
Crowd around

[Verse 1: MF DOOM]
I used to cop a lot, but never copped no drop
Hold mics like pony tails tied in bobbalobs
Stop and stick around, come through and dig the sound
Of the fly brown 6-0 sicko psycho who throws his dick around
Bound to go three-plat, came to destroy rap
It's a intricate plot of a b-boy strap
Femstat cats get kidnapped
Then release a statement to the press, let the rest know who did that
Metal Fist terrorists claim responsibility
Broken household name usually said in hostility
Um... what is MF? You silly
I'd like to take "Means to the End" for two milli'
"Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo!" That's a audio daily double
Rappers need to fall off just to save me the trouble, yo
Watch your own back came in and go out alone, black
Stay in the zone—turn H2O to Cognac

[Hook: MF DOOM]
On Doomsday!, ever since the womb ‘til I'm back where my brother went, that's what my tomb will say
Right above my government; Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?

[Verse 2: MF DOOM]
I wrote this one in B.C. D.C. O-section
If you don't believe me, go get bagged and check then
Cell number 17, up under the top bunk
I say this not to be mean, wish bad luck or pop junk
Pop the trunk on Cee Cipher Punk, leave him left scraped
God forbid, if there ain't no escape, blame MF tape
Definition "super-villain": a killer who love children
One who is well-skilled in destruction, as well as building
While Sidney Sheldon teaches the trife to be trifer
I'm trading science fiction with my man the live lifer
A pied piper holler a rhyme, a dollar and a dime
Do his thing, ring around the white collar crime
Get out my face, askin' ‘bout my case, need toothpaste
Fresher mint, monkey-style nigga get dentadent
And dope fiends still in they teens, shook niggas turn witness
Real mens mind their own business
That's the difference between sissy-pissy rappers that's double-dutch
How come I hold the microphone double-clutch
C.O.'s make rounds, never have ‘ox found
On shakedown, lock-down, wet dreams of Fox' Brown

[Hook: MF DOOM]
On Doomsday!
Ever since the womb ‘til I'm back where my brother went
That's what my tomb will say
Right above my government; Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?

[Bridge: MF DOOM]
Doomsday
Ever since the womb ‘til I'm back to the essence
Read it off the tomb
Either engraved or unmarked grave, who's to say?

[Verse 3: MF DOOM]
Pass the mic like "Pass the peas like they used to say"
Some M-er F-ers don't like how Sally walk
I'll tell y'all fools it's hella cool how ladies from Cali talk
Never let her interfere with the Yeti ghetto slang
Nicknames of nimble and tip of nipple metal fang
Known amongst hoes for the bang-bang
Known amongst foes for flow without no talking orangutans
Only gin and Tang
Guzzled out a rusty tin can, me and this mic is like yin and yang
Clang! Crime don't pay, listen, youth
It's like me holding up the line at the kissing booth
I took her back to the truck, she was uncouth
Spittin' all out the sunroof, through her missing tooth
But then she has a sexy voice, sound like Jazzy Joyce
So I turned it up faster than a speeding knife
Strong enough to please a wife
Able to drop today's math in the 48 keys of life
Cut the crap far as rap
Touch the mic, get the same thing a Arab will do to you for stealing
What the Devil? He's on another level
It's a word! No, a name! MF - the Super-Villain!

[Outro: Pebbles the Invisible Girl]
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
I swear the whole world could feel you MC



[Verse 1: Tyler, the Creator]
Teenage billionaires
He's beating records off the top the holes of money
He roll rover sell base for 12 a pop
Hodgy eating rapers whole, never digest I'm dope
Shit since they coming out of him like crack heads
Like fuck I should be illegal eagles flying over state
And the model bitch
(She look good)
And the head is great
The Pink stripe is for diplomatic immunity
I'm A-C-E-A-K to fuck up the community
(Holla holla holla, Spit another one real quick)
Niggas Stez biting like they Mike Tyson
Here these queers taking credit like their
Faggot card is debit fines hit me on my beepa
Could be on the keys then I push it out sneaka bitch
I'm bunny like the Basket-baller
[Ya]
I'm the dope dealer push man in the dream state
Your bitch sticks to me like purple schotch tape
[I'm lime green]
The Pink stripe is for diplomatic immunity
I'm A.C.E. aka Mr. Fuck Up the Community

[Verse 2: Blak tha Map]
I don't serve much but let me take your order
Guaranteed to get your chips while I gallop aforda
Flip a check quick like we betting with quarters
And I beat the cut like we talkin' 'bout horfa
Especially if she looks like canorfa
I not saying I would never do more than ork her
I'm just saying I would do never divorce her
But I don't know if I could afford her
But J.K. cause Ima I'm ballin'
If life was a chip then hommie I'm all in
Yesterday's money was talkin'
Yes the shit was callin'
Telling me to take over the world
Like a young Jospeh Stallin
Dirty dog records beating all the pussies
Never shopping unless were talking bout diamonds and stussy
Yo I'm probably with your chick
Playing with her cliteris
Yep
Her friend is coming for a lick
Look I'm not your father don't even bother
I pulled out early



[Intro]
Rappers belong to things
They got affiliations and shit and I do too
But fuck gangbanging, yeah

[Verse 1: Open Mike Eagle]
Life's kind of sucky bro
If you hearing this consider yourself lucky though
Sharks in the boardroom program for guppies
Baby cuddle bunny in the box full of puppies, sho
No perm, grow a 'fro like Pam Grier
Don't say 'bro' bruh say manssiere, yeah
Any karaoke fans here?
If so, never get drunk and do Kashmir
It's not a good choice
And white rappers quit rapping in your hood voice
Sound like a clown hundred pounder that took 'roids
Rrra-rrra-rrra-rrra-rrra, rrra-rrra-rrra...
Don't do videos for tracks with your back to the cameraman
Phones, get the family packing big data plan
'99 Problems' was a damn good summer song
If you got more than like three then something's wrong

[Chorus: Open Mike Eagle]
You're drowning in quicksand
You're flailing in the water
Your hands are waving all frantic
You'll die within the hour
Unless you do what we tell you to do
Me and my whole fam we Doug Stamper
(Yeah, yeah, and here's the...)
So you should do what we tell you to do
(Mmmhhh-ahhh, timing, shit!)
I say, good God damn we Doug Stamper

[Verse 2: Open Mike Eagle]
Yeah, and here's the bush I would never beat around
Never march through Korea Town in a Madea gown
Yeah, you know, like a muumuu
And never buy used from that dude Joe Isuzu
If you find yourself down in Southern Illinois
Cop a mixtape from DJ Snowy Boo-boo, (that's a real dude?) yeah
And don't start dumb arguments
Or show flowcharts to an art-numb Parliament
And stand guard by your dart gun armament
And memorize your parts like a sharp-tongued artisan
Always tell a lie to C.I.A. torturers
Never buy weed from a guy named Mortimer
Buy bank forfeitures and foreclosures
If you start to lose your hair skip the comb-over
When you home open a game with the Orioles
A journalist should never write a slang editorial

[Chorus]
You're drowning in quicksand
You're flailing in the water
Your hands are waving all frantic
You'll die within the hour
Unless you do what we tell you to do
Me and my whole fam we Doug Stamper
So you should do what we tell you to do
I say, good God damn we Doug Stamper

[Verse 3: Hannibal Buress]
You a grown man, do what I told you to
Stop pissing on the motherfucking toilet stool (disgusting)
Wash your hands when you touch your lil dirty dick
And dry 'em off before you come trying to shake my shit (get outta here)
You a ho if your Facebook is complicated
Eat your fruit fiber, bitch, or get constipated (grrr)
No finger waves, except Babyface
LeBron James needs to stop taking HGH
His hairline fucked up from the HGH
Went from one headband to like, eighty-eight
You ain't a thug, stop acting like you've been through shit
Stop paying for them porn site memberships (that shit's a waste)
Go to YouPorn nigga, that shit is free
But don't bootleg my comedy, pay the fee (buy it)
Tell your cousin, stay the fuck from off of Worldstar
And don't buy a Honda Civic, that's a girl's car

[Outro: Hannibal Buress]
And don't buy a Chevy Aveo, or a Mini Cooper
Or... Yaris
And don't, don't set stuff on fire either
Actually, if... If you can only afford one of those cars
Cause those are compact cars and are very affordable
Then get that, don't let me judge your life
But that other stuff, I mean that other stuff
Yeah



[Intro]
A-C-E, O-F, uh

[Verse 1]
Wild, I'm not tame just because my visions are strange
I am normal not deranged, I am not a fucking lame
Your pee dripping wet, I need all my nutrients
On the phone, if I take you home how much can I get?
Yeah, I like you but, you act like you don't like us
We could start a whole new religion girl, in Odd we trust
You play hard to got, got me hard like cement
Here's my car I love please do not dip, please just

[Hook]
(Can you just) go
(But please don't) wait

[Verse 2]
I'm a fucking monster, my Tonka is trucker
In my locker got books, I'm a nasty mothafucker
Truth or dare in the cemetery, right past the elementary
My faith lasts for the whole century
You could bite my neck or I could bite your neck
Or you could bite her and excite her you will not regret
My castle got dungeons, my dungeons got dungeons
Open up them legs, let me see what's for lunch and

[Hook]

[Bridge]
And the sky is dark
The bats invade the park
The water swims the shark
But don't just wait, go



dragon 🐉 energy
Natural born leaders
Very instinctive
Great foresight

(me and Mike 😂)
(and we danced to music Michael all morning)
...

to be great is to be misunderstood

never a master. Always a student.

spread love
...

2024

...

Free thinkers don't fear retaliation for your thoughts.  The traditional thinkers are only using thoughts and words but they are in a mental prison. You are free. You've already won. Feel energized. Move in love not fear. Be afraid of nothing.

You don't have to agree with trump but the mob can't make me not love him. We are both dragon energy. He is my brother. I love everyone. I don't agree with everything anyone does. That's what makes us individuals. And we have the right to independent thought.

If your friend jumps off the bridge you don't have to do the same. Ye being Ye is a fight for you to be you. For people In my life the idea of Trump is pretty much a 50 50 split but I don't tell a Hillary supporter not to support Hillary
I love Hillary too.

I love when people have their own ideas. You don't have to be allowed anymore. Just be.

Love who you want to love.  That's free thought. I'm not even political. I'm not a democrat or a republican

And also I'm all the way out the sunken place. And I'm not scared anymore. I'm not scared of the media. I'm not scared of the past and I'm optimistic about the future. This tweet is in love not fear.

with love I am invincible. Truth is subjective but love is the most powerful force in the world and the world needs to express more of it.

I said express love more because we have love but we don't express it.  My friend Tmills will always say "I love you" and it used to make me feel weird to hear that. Now I tell everyone I love them.  He sparked me to start expressing love more.

When my daughter acts out she actually says afterwards I just want to hear you say I love you more.

no race religion region or political party can argue with the power of love

fear takes strategy   Unlearn linear thinking   Hit you with these zig zag thoughts

decentralize

burn that excel spread sheet 🔥😂

Yeezy VC invests in and develops food clothing shelter and communications

my wife just called me and she wanted me to make this clear to everyone. I don't agree with everything Trump does. I don't agree 100% with anyone but myself.

...

I’m nice at ping pong

we got love

my MAGA hat is signed 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥

I'm so happy to hear that Peter Thiel would like to take a meeting. I feel very optimistic about the future.

[Kanye 2024 pic]

[Donald Trump reply pic]

[Tmills sms pic]

...

whenever someone mentions the word "fan" to me it's super manipulative. It's like "don't do or say this because of your fans"  My fans are fans of themselves.

And any fan of me wants Ye to be Ye even when they don't agree because I represent the fact that they can be themselves even when people don't agree with them. Drops mic 🎤Yeezy shrug 🤷‍♂️

[Anthony Chance SMS]

let's move in love not fear

Love is the most powerful force in the universe

Claudio Silverstein is a free thinker

Claudio will be awesome when me and Chance build new homes in Chicago

Obama was in office for eight years and nothing in Chicago changed.

can't wait to meet

caption this photo

2 of my favorite people

[Donald Trump tweet]



[Verse 1: Kanye West]
My homie Mali used to stay, 79th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of Stones
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they'll leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
And walked around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices
How'd he get the cash? The day his father passed away
Left him with a lil' somethin', sixteen, he was stuntin'
Al B. Sure nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout eighty
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby
See back-back then-then, if you had a car
You was the Chi-Town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin, a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'd take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had they Lincolns and Auroras, we was hurtin 'em all
With the girls a lot of flirtin' involved, but dog
Fuck all that flirtin', I'm tryin' to get in some drawers
So, put me on with these hoes homie
He told me don't rush to get grown, drive slow, homie

[Hook: Kanye West]
Drive slow homie
Drive slow
You never know homie, about these hoes homie
You need to pump ya brakes and drive slow homie

[Verse 2: Paul Wall]
What it do? I'm posted up in the parking lot, my trunk waving
The candy gloss is immaculate, it's simply amazing
Them elbows pokin' wide on that candy 'Lac
Trunk open, screens on, neons lit with fifth relaxed
I'm on a mission for dime-pieces and sexy ladies
Allow me to introduce you to my CL Mercedes
It's a star-studded event when I valet park
Open up my mouth and sunlight illuminates the dark
You see them fours crawlin'? You see them screens fallin'?
The disco ball in my mouth insinuates I'm ballin'
I'm leaning on the switch, sitting crooked in my slab
But I could still catch boppers if I drove a cab
A young Houston hard hitter all about the scrilla
Ridin' somethin' candy coated, crawlin' like a caterpillar
I'm tipping on them fours, I'm jammin' on this Screw
I'm looking for them hoes baby, what it do? Drive slow homie

[Interlude: GLC & Kanye West]
Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes (drive slow homie)
If you're ridin' round the city with nowhere to go (drive slow homie)
Live today, cause tomorrow, man, you never know
You never know homie, might need some hoes homie
You need to pump ya brakes and drive slow homie

[Verse 3: GLC & Kanye West]
My car's like the movie, my car's like the crib
I got more TV's in here than where I live
And that don't make no sense, but baby I'm the shit
And everything I flip, you know it's something serious
I got the custom grill, I got the Brabus rims
I got the baller genetics, baby this evidence
You see a player flicking and how you ain't convinced
That you should gon kiss it, just a lil bit
I wear my custom kicks, I got my Jesus chain
My canaries is gleamin' through my angel wings
They see me, hoes actin' like they seen a king
With that mean lean, smokin' on that finest Cali green
My woodgrain oak, I'm ridin' on Vogues
My cylinder quiet like tip-toes
I sold O's and this I know
When you see them hoes, lil homie drive slow

(Tony Williams harmony ad-libs)

[Verse 4: T.I.]
Looking at life through my rearview, all the problems I had
Could be seen a lot clearer after time had passed
Known for living so fast, they wonder how he don't crash
With 220 on the dash, and he constantly mashin'
"Why don't he slow down?" they be constantly askin'
But me in the fast lane is like metal and magnets
Now I ain't trying to say that this the way of the masses
But it's so hard to change, I love this shit with a passion
Since me and C were cuttin' class, and showin' our ass
Shooting out in broad day in the middle of traffic
I remember sellin' crack faster than I could bag it
Just sharin' my past wit ya shawty, I ain't e'en braggin'
Me and Cap got life, them other folk got blasted
Had a partner O.D. and after this all happened
Life the only thing that kept a pimp from crying and laughing
Then the Lord smiled on me at the end of the madness
I never thought that I'da made it this far rappin'
For introducing the youth to what we now call "trappin'"
Considered now a classic, who'd've imagined?
Me in Milano getting models in next year's fashion
So nowadays, they can call me old-fashioned
But it's way too much cash to see blue lights flashin'
So I guess the moral of this here class is:
Life about who make it, not about who make it the fastest
Drive slow homie

[Outro: Kanye West (Chopped & Screwed)]
Yeah, bumpa bumpa bump bump
Drive slow homie
Drive slow homie
You never know homie, might need some hoes homie
You need to pump ya brakes and drive slow homie
Drive slow homie



[Hook: Havoc]
It's the infamous back in the house once again
Live the life that of diamonds and guns and now gems
Pull gats like a basehead pull on stems
The Mobb got the bomb, run out and tell a friend
Drop a gem on 'em!

[Interlude]
Some rain got to fall, some rain got to fall
Some rain got to fall, some rain got to fall

[Verse 1: Havoc]
Sick and tired of you fake crooks, need to retire
They got you gassed, take a match and smack fire out ya
Maggot ass, Havoc represent for the Q-B-C
Smoke that ass like a loosey
Though I need to quit, fuck it, I love it like a cloud
Over the projects, your game I'm above it
It's combat, gats, bangers and all that
You's a small cat, whatever you on get off that
I mention, nothin' but the real shit presentin'
The hollow-tip crew, 41st side convention
Stride full, you half-steppin'
Like a fresh TEC out of the box yo, niggas I'm testin'
That's no question, bitch-ass have you confessin'
Like a DT, left in state of depression
You under pressure, in tag no doubt catcher
The snitch-snatcher, shooken with asthma, you casper
You yell my name, that's only givin' me props
Plus the fans that you got wonderin' what's got you hot
It's too not, knocked out the box and got rocked
Got raped on the Island, you officially got
Kick that thug shit, Vibe magazine on some love shit
Keep it real, kid, 'cause you don't know who you fuckin' with

[Hook: Havoc]
It's the infamous back in the house once again
Live the life that of diamonds and guns and now gems
Pull gats like a basehead pull on stems
The Mobb got the bomb, run out and tell a friend
Drop a gem on 'em!

[Verse 2: Prodigy]
Yeah, likewise I'm tired of rap guys that's faggots
Your P'll shut eyes and swole up your whole outside
I baptize, niggas get wet, hit up your backside
Get claptized and set straight, put on your head straight
Watch out for these upstate cats
Be leary of New Yiddy niggas with gats, with the wall on they back
Rikers Island flashbacks of the house you got scufted in
You would think that gettin' your head shot's enough but then
Now you wanna go at my team
Must have been drunk when you wrote that shit
Too bad you had to did it to your own self
My rebellion, retaliate, I had the whole New York state
Aimin' at your face at the gate
Bottom line off top soon as you came through
Shots flew, don't even know the half of my crew
I got a hundred strong-arm niggas ready to rock your shit
Clocks tick, your days are numbered in low digits
You look suspicious, suspect niggas is bitches
Get chopped up, Grade A meat, somethin' delicious
And laced back up, two G's worth of stitches
To reconstruct your face and learn how to speak again
My mob's like a bunch of wild Puerto Ricans
With bangers the size of African spears, it's warfare
In the arena, we turn arenas into house of horrors
It's terrodome when you see my clique
You need to run behind shit
You got a gat, you better find it
And use that shit, think fast and get reminded
Of robberies in Manhattan, you know what happened
Sixty G's worth of gun clappin'
Who shot ya? You probably screamed louder than a opera
New York got ya, now you wanna use my mob as a crutch
What you think, you can't get bucked again? Once again—

[Hook: Havoc]
It's the infamous back in the house once again
Live the life that of diamonds and guns and now gems
Pull gats like a basehead pull on stems
The Mobb got the bomb, run out and tell a friend
Drop a gem on 'em!



[Murphy Lee]
Whooooooooooo
Damn, that girl fine, that girl fine, that girl fine
Yo, yo, Kanye, yo turn it up, a little bit, whoo

[Hook]
Take notes while I take tokes to the marijuana smoke
One look and murder she wrote
She drop dead gorgeous, she drop dead..

[Kanye West {*over the hook*}]
Yo, this is a Roc-a-Fella, St. Lunatics collaboration
Chi-Town and St. Louis
She said she ain't never seen Murphy Lee befo'

[Verse 1: Murphy Lee]
I called her back from an earlier beep
Fo' in the mornin' they be like "Nah, I wasn't sleep"
Convenient whore stay on top of convenient stores
Keep pictures of me in their Victoria Secret drawer
I keep somethin' hot on tour
Can ya, Kenyatta, make sure they know before what is really in store
See I adore the ones that call me Torhi, true story
I created 'hood rats so these new mice bore me
See I normally settle for sevens, but eights I can't wait
Nines be wantin' time and dimes be wantin' dates
So know I got elevens and twelves
With at least thirteen or fourteen reasons why they fine as hell
I hit 'em up like Blu Cantrell
Hehehehehehehehe hell, I remember when she smashed LaBelle
See most women kinda sneaky like a six-year old
Hey yo they always in the summer, somethin' wrong with their nails

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
What's the point of havin' a girl that's drop dead
That you know don't like you?
She'll run over your head with a motorcycle
I mean the way you look is nice, but there's more to life boo
Cuz I could go to videos and get fo' just like you
I talked to your ex-boyfriend and took a census
But you don't read the cookbook, you just look at the pictures
Matter of fact, when's the last time you looked at the kitchen?
This is gettin' ridiculous, how you gettin' defensive?
Jimmy Choo, Frankie B., bitch you gettin' expensive
I know you fuckin' around, my sixth sense told me
That ain't no male friend that bought you the stereo
She said "He gay anyway, you don't know nothin' about Jamario"

[Hook]



[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Valentino summers and wave runners
Chains on my niggas like slave runners
Drug dealers anonymous
How many Madonnas can that Mazda fit?
My brick talk is more than obvious, it’s ominous
Garages, the phantom, ghouls, ghosts and goblins
Blonde mohawk the collection I’m Dennis Rodman
The money count is the only moment of silence
Cause hush money balances all this drugs and violence
Hat trick under my mattress
Date I stop still has an asterisk after it
After all I can make a call
I can baptize a brick
As I wash away my sins like a catholic
Who the fuck ain't mastered this
America’s nightmare's in Flint
Children of a lesser God when your melanin’s got a tint
And I can’t even mention what I sent or what I spent
Cause my name in 18 wheelers is evidence
I put my boos in those cruise collections
Life’s a bitch
A to Z on her shoe collection, take your pick
Paid in full like ’86, Gs on my body
The new Gucci has less monograms, God’s got him
Let he without sin cast the first stone
So I built that all glass quad level first home
Shatter all of your misconceptions
Hold all of them missing weapons
You thought I would miss my blessing
The ultimate misdirection ya

[Skit: Tomi Lahren]
Your husband was drug dealer
For 14 years he sold crack cocaine

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
Federico Fellini in the flesh
Sergio Tacchini inside his mesh
Bitch I been brackin’ since the ‘80s
Google me baby, you crazy
’89 in London pull the Benz up
Type it in, Google’s your friend bruh
14-year drug dealer and still counting
Who deserves the medal of freedom is my accountant
He been hula hooping through loop holes, working around shit
IRS should’ve had the townhouses surrounded
Thanks to the lawyers
I marbled the foyer
I tore the floor up
Yeah, that’s for the Koi fish
We been dining on oysters
I walk though the garage it’s like multiple choices
I told ‘em pull the Royce up
I’m getting ghost, I’m hearing noises
I think it’s the boys, but I been banking at Deutsche
We got storefronts, we got employee stubs
We been opening studios and 40/40s up
The paper trail is gorgeous
Cases we buries ‘em
Before Reasonable Doubt dropped, the jury hung
Bling bling
Every time I come around your city bling bling
My tenure took me through Virginia
Ask Teddy Riley ‘bout me
Ask the Federalis ‘bout me
Tried to build a cell around me
Snatched my nigga Emory up
Tried to get him to tell about me
He told 12, “Gimme 12”
He told them to go to hell about me
Drug dealers anonymous
Y’all think Uber’s the future, our cars been autonomous
Mules move the drums, take ‘em to different spots
We just call the shots by simply moving our thumbs
I’m a course of miracles with this shit
Nothing real can be threatened, nothing unreal exists
Therein lies the piece of God
I always knew I was a prophet, but I couldn’t find a decent job
Life made me ambidextrous
Countin’ with my right, whippin’ white with my left wrist
Daaaaaaaamn Daniel
FBI keep bringing them all white vans through



[Intro: Mos Def]
La-da-da da-da da-da da-da da-da da
Blap!

[Hook: Kanye West]
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
She go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Driving around town looking for the best spot
For the drunk and hot girls
Up in the club look at here what we got
Some drunk and hot girls
Stop dancing with your girlfriend and come dance with me
Stop talking 'bout your boyfriend since he is not me
Stop running up my tab 'cause these drinks is not free
You drunk and hot girl

[Hook: Kanye West]
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
She go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I don't want to drop your friends off, I just want you
You drunk and hot girl
You want to sit down but we hit the drive-thru
You drunk and hot girl
Please don't fall asleep, baby, we almost back
Please don't throw up in the car, we almost crashed
Oh, now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that
You drunk and hot girl

[Hook: Kanye West]
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
She go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls

[Verse 3: Mos Def]
Love the dangerous necessity that people seek
Without regard to where they are
The human heart is curious
Above all things, love, the lights are low, your eyes are bright
The music plays, it's sweet delight
It's out of sight, I'm feeling right
Your dress is tight
Oh howwwwww, I want you right now

[Verse 4: Kanye West (w/ Mos Def)]
Don't tell me, you sing, you about to get a deal
You drunk and hot girl
"Ah da da da da," That's how the fuck you sound
You drunk and hot girl, yeah
You only live once, do whatever you like
I thought I'd be with you for only one night
(Now I'm with this girl for the rest of my life
That drunk and hot girl)

[Outro: Kanye West and Mos Def]
We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(A little sippy sippy)
We gonna through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(Did she say she want a brewski?)
(We go through too much bullshit to mess mess with these drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls)



[Intro: Bēkon & Kid Capri]
It was always me vs the world
Until I found it's me vs me
Why, why, why, why?
Why, why, why, why?
Just remember, what happens on Earth stays on Earth!
We gon' put it in reverse

[Bridge: Ted Taylor (Sampled)]
Darling, I told you many times
And I am telling you once again
Just to remind you, sweetheart
That my—

[Verse: Kendrick Lamar]
Oh Lamar
Hail Mary and marijuana, times is hard
Pray with the hooligans, shadows all in the dark
Fellowship with demons and relatives, I'm a star
Life is one funny mothafucka
A true comedian, you gotta love him, you gotta trust him
I might be buggin', infomercials and no sleep
Introverted by my thoughts; children, listen, it gets deep
See, once upon a time inside the Nickerson Garden projects
The object was to process and digest poverty's dialect
Adaptation inevitable: gun violence, crack spot
Federal policies raid buildings and drug professionals
Anthony was the oldest of seven
Well-respected, calm and collected
Laughin' and jokin' made life easier; hard times, Momma on crack
A four-year-old tellin' his nanny he needed her
His family history: pimpin' and bangin'
He was meant to be dangerous
Clocked him a grip and start slangin'
Fifteen, scrapin' up his jeans with quarter pieces
Even got some head from a smoker last weekend
Dodged a policeman, workin' for his big homie
Small-time hustler, graduated to a brick on him
10,000 dollars out of a project housing, that's on the daily
Seen his first mil twenty years old, had a couple of babies
Had a couple of shooters
Caught a murder case, fingerprints on the gun they assumin'
But witnesses couldn't prove it
That was back when he turned his back and they killed his cousin
He beat the case and went back to hustlin'
Bird-shufflin', Anthony rang
The first in the projects with the two-tone Mustang
That 5.0 thing, they say 5-0 came
Circlin' parking lots and parking spots
And hoppin' out while harrassin' the corner blocks
Crooked cops told Anthony he should kick it
He brushed 'em off and walked back to the Kentucky Fried Chicken
See, at this chicken spot
There was a light-skinned nigga that talked a lot
With a curly top and a gap in his teeth
He worked the window, his name was Ducky
He came from the streets, the Robert Taylor Homes
Southside Projects, Chiraq, the Terror Dome
Drove to California with a woman on him and 500 dollars
They had a son, hopin' that he'd see college
Hustlin' on the side with a nine-to-five to freak it
Cadillac Seville, he'd ride his son around on weekends
Three-piece special with his name on the shirt pocket
'Cross the street from the projects, Anthony planned to rob it
Stuck up the place before, back in '84
That's when affiliation was really eight gears of war
So many relatives tellin' us, sellin' us devilish works
Killin' us, crime, intelligent, felonious
Prevalent proposition with 9's
Ducky was well-aware
They robbed the manager and shot a customer last year
He figured he'd get on these niggas' good sides
Free chicken every time Anthony posted in line
Two extra biscuits, Anthony liked him and then let him slide
They didn't kill him; in fact, it look like they're the last to survive
Pay attention, that one decision changed both of they lives
One curse at a time
Reverse the manifest and good karma, and I'll tell you why
You take two strangers and put 'em in random predicaments
Give 'em a soul so they can make their own choices and live with it
Twenty years later, them same strangers, you make 'em meet again
Inside recording studios where they reapin' their benefits
Then you start remindin' them about that chicken incident
Whoever thought the greatest rapper would be from coincidence?
Because if Anthony killed Ducky, Top Dawg could be servin' life
While I grew up without a father and die in a gunfight
[Gunshot]

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar]
So, I was takin' a walk the other day…



[Intro: Greg Nice]
Aww yeah, it’s another Gang Starr sure shot
Uh! featuring the one and only [?] Nice & Smooth
Hey, Gang Starr has gots to be the sure shot
Nice & Smooth has gots to be the sure shot
Gang Starr has gots to be the sure shot
Nice & Smooth has gots to be the sure shot

[Verse 1: Greg Nice]
Greg Nice! Greg N-I-C-E
Dame un beso, ah oui oui
Rock for a fee, not for free
Maybe I'll do it for charity
Now my employer or my employee
Is making Greg N-I-C-E very M-A-D
Don't ever ever think of jerking me
I work too hard for my royalty
Put lead in your ass and drink a cup of tea
Peace to Red Alert and Kid Capri
Ooohh la la, ah oui oui
I say Muhammad Ali, you say Classius Clay
I say butter, you say Parkay
It's alright if you wanna make a sway
I'm away uptown, took the deuce to the tre
I originate, they duplicate
I praise the Lord and keep the faith
It's alright, keep biting at the bait
'92, uh! One year later
Peace out, Premier, take me out with the fader

[Verse 2: Guru]
I chant 'eeny, meeny, miny, moe'
I wreck the mic like a pimp pimps hoes
Here's how it goes: I am a genius, I mean this
I shake this, you'll take this, I'm kinda fiendish
You wish that you could come into my neighborhood
Meaning my mental state, still I'm 5-foot-8
Crazy as I wanna be, ‘cause I make it orderly
You could say I'm sorta the boss so get lost
The brother who will make you change opinions
Dominions, I'm in them when it's time to kick shit from
The heart, plus I get a piece of the action
Feeling satisfaction from the street crowd reaction
Chumps pull guns when they feel afraid
Too late, when they dip in the kick, they get sprayed
Lemonade was a popular drink and it still is
I get more props and stunts than Bruce Willis
A poet like Langston Hughes
And can't lose when I cruise out on the expressway
Leaving the bodega I say "suave"
Premier's got more beats than barns got hay
Clips are inserted into my gun
So I can take the money, never have to run

[Verse 3: Smooth B]
Yo Keithy E, I left my Phillie at home, do you have another?
I wanna get blunted, my brother
Now, may I make a mark then make a spark
Over this phat track – or should I say dope beat?
Subtract, delete
All of the wick wack that wanna be abstract
But they lack the new knack that's coming from way way back
Hey yo, Premier, please pass that buddha sack
You heard we quit? No way, bullshit!
I told you before we come back with more hits
I provide bright flavor, so you can sketch me
Do me a favor, don't try to catch me
Slightly ahead of the game, I'm not a lame
Ask him, he'll tell you the same he knows my name
Smooth, I drop jewels like paraphernalia
I'm infallible, not into failure
Like a rhinoceros, my speed is prosperous
And pure knowledge expands from my esophagus
I write in the night to bring truth to the light
My dialogue is my own, ‘cause Smooth B will never bite

[Outro: scratched Smooth B]
After the tour quits, I come back with more hits
After the tour quits, I come back with more hits
After the tour quits, I come back with more hits



[Verse 1]
Yo, I'm a hot and bothered astronaut
Crashing while jacking off
To buffering vids of Asher Roth eating apple sauce
Sent to Earth to poke Catholics in the ass with saws
And knock blunt ashes into their caskets, and laugh it off
Twisted, sicker than mad cattle, in fact I'm off
Six different liquors, with a Prince wig plastered on
Stop screaming, bitch, you shouldn't be that alarmed
When Big Lips is in the attic, armed with an addict's arm
Earl puts the "ass" in "assassin"
Puts the pieces of decomposing bodies in plastic
Puts them in a pan and mixes it up with scat
Then gobbles it like fat black bitches and catfish
It so happens that I'm so haphazardous
I'll puke a piece and put it on a hook and fucking cast the shit
I'm askin' that you faggot rap actors take action
And get a hall pass for this class-act shit
How the fuck I fit an axe in a satchel?
Slip capsules in a glass, she dizzy rascal
Party staff baffled, asking where her ass go
In my room, redefining the meaning of black holes
Go on, suck it up; but hurry, I got nuts to bust
And butts to fuck and ups to shut and sluts to fuckin' uppercut
It's O.F., buttercup; go ahead, fuck with us
Without a doubt, a sure-fire way to get your mother fucked
Ask her for a couple bucks, shove a trumpet up her butt
Play a song, invade her thong
My dick is having guts for lunch, as well as supper
Then I'll rummage through her ruptured cunt
Found the mustard
Fucking nosey neighbors notice something's up
"What you doing?" – nothing much
Would shout some other stuff
Got to fucking bounce, guess the bouncer's had enough of us

[Verse 2]
Get up off the pavement, wipe the dirt and vomit off
DopeBoyz hating, but them faggots is a lot of talk
Cotton soft pussy, them Odd niggas is Molotov
Cocktails; fucking toss one in your apartment, dog
Wolf Gang, we ain't barking, nah
Try talking on a blog with your fucking arms cut off
Put in a carpet and watch it get auctioned off
The Ace tell Shake's daughter
"We're sorry, but papa's gone, bitch!"



[Produced By: Party Supplies]

[Verse 1]
Praise the lord, I was born to drive boat
Feeling like Slash in front of the chapel
I'm leaned back with the Les Paul
Shit I smoke is like cholesterol
Spilled dressin' on the vest at the festival
The best of all, had a midget Puerto Rican at my beck and call
Best believe that there was neck involved
Fucked around and almost wrecked the Saab
Uh, we took acid for ten days straight up in the mountains
Started running with the stallions
Playing frisbee in the West Indies, did the tango with my kidneys
Eyes open, now I know just who my kids need
Rockin' very loose pants, yeah
Rockin' very loose pants, yeah
Buried a million in the sand, by the clock tower
Before I die, take a hot shower

[Hook 1]
Ride the Harley into the sunset
Ride the Harley into the sunset

Ride the Harley into the sunset
Ride the Harley into the sunset

[Verse 2]
By chance I seen her in the lobby of the Ritz
With her man, the one that swings a hockey stick
I was wearing all white, and my hair was looking precious
Shit, I might cop a chest and a dresser
A little machine to make espresso
I heard your bitch still wears Ecko
Hide drugs behind the box of De Cecco
Live from the Expo, it's me
I wear the wolf in the winter, steer the coupe from the center
Who gives a fuck, I'm a sinner
I had dreams of fuckin' Keri Hilson in my Duncans
Woke up naked at the Hilton with a bitch that look like Seal's cousin
Bite the eel by the dozen (Got to take it for the team)
Bite the eel by the dozen

[Verse 3]
Pump the bass in the trunk, shit rattled like a baby hand
Except this toy cost 80 grand
And I'm crazy tan, from all the places that I've been
Just from writing words with a pen
Tell the pilot "Land the plane," on Roosevelt and Main
Put a jacuzzi on the seven train
And lay John Coltrane play with that cocaine face
I know your crabs from that Old Bay taste
The brass band was seven pieces, my bitch's name is Peaches
We got twin Mac elevens with the features
Shit you barely got sneaker money
So much dick in their mouths, that's why these motherfuckers speaking funny
You need to speak clearer dear, 'cause I can't hear ya
(I can't hear ya)
You need to speak clearer dear, 'cause I can't hear ya

[Verse 4]
The Magic Johnson of the game
These lames don't want to play with me
Smile on your face, but I really know you hatin' me
I know you mad, cause I'm sick, and it's plain to see
It's me

[Hook 2]
Ride the Harley into the sunset
Ride the Harley into the sunset
Ride the Harley into the sunset
Ride the Harley into the sunset
Ride the Harley into the sunset
Ride the Harley into the sunset

[Guitar Outro: Curt Chambers]



[Intro]
Driver!
(Look Out!)
Yeah
Oh Shoot!

[Hook]
I'm so hungry, man, I could eat the rich
Eat, eat, eat the rich

Check me out

[Verse 1]
Things are looking good, but I can't mess with your hair though
Ergo, the ladder climb is an air show
But thank God you like I'm fucking with that hood shit
And treat me like you think I wrote up the instruction booklets
The instruction booklets, the instruction booklets
Cause of my home, the hammers pop
But your selfies look like glamour shots
Before that endorphin high, I take orders like George Takei
And scorch the sky, poor guy, I'm a horse fly and that's because

[Hook]

Let's eat, Kenny
Celebrate a little bit
Let us not eat them
Celebrate if you eat, nigga

[Verse 2]
On high booty cheeks, y'all are thieves
Swallow new acts, how to rap
Don't let them style with child proof caps
You there? I'm a rough approximation of Type A
And Type B at a dice game in a white tee with a nice chain
And snarky web presence you can't turn up in a text message
Without at least a million video views
Watch the millennials brood
Make sense of it all, there's diamonds in the loaves of bread
I'm looking for 'em in the hood like a floating head
Like a floating head, like a-- like a floating head
My dinner prayers meant for an asteroid wake
I'm reading that shit from a fat boy's tape
I'm still eating, nigga, but it's all soy-based

[Hook]

Let's eat, Kenny
That's right
Perfect Hair

[Outro] x3
Kenny Segal's drums sound like he's dropping desks
Your whole lot's a hot mess, I confess, we got that Aquafresh

That's tight



Oh, baby, how you doing?
You know I'm-a cut right to the chase, huh
Some women were made
But me, myself
I like to think that I was created
For a special purpose
You know?
What's more special than you?
You feel me?

It's on--baby, let's get lost
You don't need to call in to work 'cause you the boss
For real, want you to show me how you feel
I consider myself lucky; that's a big deal
Why?
Well, you got the key to my heart
But you ain't gon' need it
I'd rather you open up my body
And show me secrets you didn't know was inside
No need for me to lie

It's too big (big)
It's too wide (wide)
It's too strong (strong)
It won't fit (fit)
It's too much (much)
It's too tough (tough)
He talk like this 'cause he can back it up

He got a big ego
Such a huge ego
I love his big ego
It's too much
He walk like this 'cause he can back it up

Usually I'm humble
Right now I don't choose
You can leave with me
Or you could have the blues
Some call it arrogant
I call it confident
You decide when you find
Out what I'm working with

Damn, I know I'm killing you with them legs
Better yet, them thighs
Matter of fact it's my smile or maybe my eyes
Boy, you're a sight to see, kinda something like me

It's too big (big)
It's too wide (wide)
It's too strong (strong)
It won't fit (fit)
It's too much (much)
It's too tough (tough)
I talk like this 'cause I can back it up

I got a big ego
Such a huge ego
But he love my big ego
It's too much
I walk like this 'cause I can back it up
I, I walk like this 'cause I can back it up
I, I talk like this 'cause I can back it up
I, I, I can back it up
I can back it up
I walk like this 'cause I can back it up

It's too big (big)
It's too wide (wide)
It's too strong (strong)
It won't fit (fit)
It's too much (much)
It's too tough (tough)
He talk like this 'cause he can back it up
He got a big ego
Such a huge ego, such a huge ego
But I love his big ego
It's too much
He walk like this 'cause he can back it up

Ego so big you must admit
I got every reason to feel like I'm that bitch
Ego so strong, if you ain't know
I don't need no beat--I can sing it with piano



[Intro: Aesop Rock (Busdriver)]
Yeah, no, I understand what you're saying, but... is it sexier than torture?
(shah, yeah, Los Angles)
(Under the cellulite laden thigh of the night)
(Yeah, oh shoot, lemme see if I can finish this)
(Okay, lets go, yeah)
(We can make this better (x3))

[Verse 1: Busdriver]
Under the cellulite laden thigh of the night
I slip miniature mantras between my cries and gripes
Jewel-flavored crystals in the red, blue, and white stripes
While crowds throw numbers at me like The Price is Right
And downtime is never met with an overjoyed grin
Cause sleep and death have always been conjoined twins
You'd rather lick the red gills of pop art
Than your cement-filled pock marks
The withering tendrils from my wrought heart
Reach for a Benadryl like it was a lost ark
Cause my average day is for the body of aegis, they're prompting these sieges
We cry to these seniors, living inside of splotchy Adidas
Serving consecutive sentences
My corrective lenses is ruby quartz
Yet my vision ain't worth a jiggling of booty warts
Circumstances trap writers like Kathy Bates
Under a decolorized happy face
So my car ain't covered in candy paint
But still the nanny state can't fix the diaper rash
I'm pinging this on a cyber cast
Questioning news items playing pattycake with Ira Glass
The fact that this pony show's racist
Stirs the colloquial cake mix and charges the homeostasis
Of all the homies who await us like we some Smokin' Joe Fraziers
But my unchecked whining's like some ceremonial plate shift

[Hook: Busdriver]
We can make this better, but we're not, yes we will
We're just looking for something inside us to kill
We can make this better, but we're not, yes we will
We're just looking for something inside us to kill
We can make this better, but we're not, yes we will
We're just looking for something inside us to kill
We can make this better

[Verse 2: Aesop Rock]
Before long, boil the bones
A little celery chop
A little pepper, a little milk of the poppy
Little posse in effect
Analog mono-poly Man'o'War
Walloping the auto-poly avatar
Mind on his Mallomars
Money on the iron lung
Clumsy with the can of worms
Usher you behind the sun
He shoots he whores, truly stupid troubadours and elders
Stock the shelter with frijoles and blueberry New York Seltzers
Roll up in a pa-diddle like a doofus
Hit the corner like the devil is a cubist
I'm ruthless, the sigil is dog with a cone, feeling foolish
Seven hells calling all foreseeable futures
Be it obtained culprit
Crippling migraine and strange stomach
Or a stray bullet through his gray mullet
I am ivy up the god damn lattice
March to the math rock
Raw, no cartoon mascot
The Mario pajama bottoms clumsily rappelling
Under a gibbous moon
Hunting for shitty food
Gunning, too tough, embedded in bad magic
Duckboy, shit is quacktastic

[Bridge: Busdriver]
I'm not done yet
I'm not done yet
I'm not done yet
I'm not done yet

[Hook:]
We can make this better, but we're not, yes we will
We're just looking for something inside us to kill
We can make this better, but we're not, yes we will
We're just looking for something inside us to kill
We can make this better, but we're not, yes we will
We're just looking for something inside us to kill
We can make this better

[Verse 3: Danny Brown]
Rap Marilyn Manson, about as hot as a Vanson
With two hoodies on the beach with two bitches crump dancin'
Rappers put your bets in, last man standin'
Bars hit so hard you ricochet off the planet
The motherfucking hybrid, tell Miley Cyrus text me
When I holler to her private I'm tryna get them privates
Parts, don't start, take heart like Kano
Remember when I told to you niggas drink all the Dran-o
Pop all the pills, take all the lines
Chop through a window with some sawblade blinds
Back on that shit, guess what this time?
Half a stick of dynamite where the sun don't shine
Any nigga disrespecting, chin check 'em 'til he's slinky-neck
Blowing dope, eyes low and chinky like I'm Mannie Fresh
Countdown to extinction, no nigga not Megadeath
So many dead rappers, can't even take baby steps
Walking over carcasses of artists in my garden
Been nice with this shit since Nas was writin' past the margin
Any nigga wanna start it, I fuckin' beg your pardon
I'm with arson, I'm the firestarter; Prodigy invent the art
Smack my bitch up in the mouth with my dick
And it's not domestic violence cause she likes that shit
There's no sentence to describe it, homie
Except she sucked it like her fucking life depended on it

[Hook: Busdriver]
We can make this better, but we're not, yes we will
We're just looking for something inside us to kill
We can make this better, but we're not, yes we will
We're just looking for something inside us to kill
We can make this better, but we're not, yes we will
We're just looking for something inside us to kill
We can make this better

[Outro]
Aes Rizzo ain't got that perfect hair
Danny Brown ain't got that perfect hair
Driver ain't got that perfect hair
Jeremiah Jae ain't got that perfect hair



[Verse 1: André 3000]
One for the money, yes, sir, two for the show
A couple of years ago on Headland and Delowe
Was the start of something good
Where me and my nigga rode the MARTA through the hood
Just tryna find that hook up
Now everyday we looked up at the ceiling
Watching ceiling fans go 'round, tryna catch that feeling
Off instrumentals, had my pencil and plus my paper
We caught the 86 Lithonia headed to Decatur
Writing rhymes, tryna find our spot off in that light
Light off in that spot, knowing that we could rock
Doing the hole in the wall clubs, this shit here must stop
Like "Freeze!" We making the crowd move
But we not making no G's and that's a no-no

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Check it, a one-two, a one-two dope niggas in the Cadillac
They call us, went from Player's Ball to ballers
Putting the South up on the map was like Little Rock to banging
Niggas say mothafuck that playin, they payin, we stayin, layin vocals
Locales done made it with them big boys up in this industry
"OutKast, yeah, them niggas, they making big noise"
Over a million sold to this day, niggas they take it lightly
'96 gon' be that year that all y'all playa haters can bite me
I'm out this bitch

[Hook]
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
Back in the day, when I was younger, hunger
Looking to fill me belly with that Rally's bullshit
Pull shit off, like it was supposed to be pulled
Full as a tick, I was stoned like them white boys
Smoking them white girls before them blunts got crunk
Chunky asses, passes getting thrown like Hail Mary's
And they looking like Halle Berry's
So so fine, intertwined, but we ain't sipping wine
We's just chilling, I'm the rabid villain, and I'm so high
Smoking freely, me, Lil B, Reek, Mone and Shug
And my little brother James, thangs changed in the hood
Where I live at, them rats know, "Momma I want to sing
But momma I want to trick, and momma I'm sucking dick now"
We moving on up in the world like elevators
Me and the crew, we pimps like '82
Me and you like Tony Toni Tone
Like this, East Point and we gone

[Hook]
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors

[Verse 4: André 3000]
Got stopped at the mall the other day
Heard a call from the other way that I just came from
Some nigga was saying something, talking 'bout smoke something "Hey man, you remember me from school?" "No not really"
But he kept smiling like a clown, facial expression looking silly
And he kept asking me, "What kinda car you drive?
I know you paid, I know y'all got beaucoup of hoes
From all them songs that y'all done made"
And I replied that I had been going through the same things that he had
True, I've got more fans than the average man
But not enough loot to last me to the end of the week
I live by the beat like you live check-to-check
If it don't move your feet then I don't eat so we like neck-to-neck
Yes, we done come a long way like them slim-ass cigarettes
From Virginia, this ain't gon' stop, so we just gon' continue

[Hook]
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you



[Tyler]
In the back of a truck with a gay slut
Tryna bust a nut in her butt with no makeup
Passed out, this dead bitch don't wanna wake up
Fuck Rachael Ray, cause she tryna get a cake-up
Eatin' donuts (white hoes)
Gettin' high as fuck (snort coke)
Whoa, I'm just tryna finger it in your hot car
Fuck a nigga, just fuck here in top block
I'm a unicorn (yeah), you aren't a unicorn (yeah)
Now I'm a uniform (yeah), rapin' you to perform (what?)
Made me doper than my shrooms in my system
My trophy sister, she'll get mugged
Right in the back of a club with a
45 shotty, bet you 30 dollars you won't
Find her body, now she's fucked
Get these bitches love drunk

[Hook]
What up what up, what's goin' on?
This OF, up on the song
Why you staring over here like something's wrong?
We the West over here, nigga sing along
What up what up, what's goin' on?
This OF, up on the song
(Bitch)

[Mike G]
Uh, in the back of a blue truck, fucked up
Rollin' dice, snake eyes, niggas ain't got luck
I just lay back, still ain't blew up
Honey got me some of that rum like I threw up
You should really fear me
Made this bitch squint and couldn't see me clearly
Bitch I'm a gift like you lookin' at Christmas
You should look up to him, now you on my shit list
Bitch I ain't fucked with you before
You ain't gotta hound me when I step through the door
I'm the best doin' it
He's spittin' that super shit
Why the nigga so lame
I don't even say his name
But he white like cocaine
This is fire, propane

[Hook]

[Tyler]
Wait a minute, what's your name?
Let's play a game of balls in your throat
Smell like fish, cheesy like a goat, bitch
The only that she good for is sucking dick

[Mike G]
And I came quick
I fucked a bitch in a plaid skirt
I mean raped, don't ask her
Then I put the quick punch on her lip
Bade her in the basement

[Tyler]
I was wearing a really nice dress
With sweet puffs, green and white
This is nice, I look nice
Fix my dick...
Check it twice



[Chorus: Kanye West]
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Kill they kids, tell that kid, hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and quit playin' with that bitch

[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky & (Kanye West)]
Too fresh, man, to be a class clown
Graduated when I sat down
They don't want you to show your ass
Had the Yeezy spazzes in the background (bitch)
Let's talk about the Raf now
Let's talk about the stash now
Hella niggas send my ho's up
All you bitches get passed down (bitch)
Every now and then, on the Act, wow
Maybe sing a little, bitch, I act wild
Bitches rubbing on me like a frat child
On London town, bitches packed down (bitch)

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Kill they kids, tell that kid, hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Man, you got to hate it, man you got to hate it
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Kill they kids, tell that kid, hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Man, you got to hate it, man, I'm motivated

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Man, you got to hate it, man, I'm motivated
Man, I'm underrated, over-overstated
Rappin' over thirty, talkin' out related
That's captivated, Grammy nominated
Your shit outdated, my shit upgraded
Your shit outdated, my shit upgraded

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Kill they kids, tell that kid, hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Man, you got to hate it, man I'm motivated
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Kill they kids, tell that kid, hands in that bitch
I just penetrate and switch hands in that bitch
Man, you got to hate it, man, I'm motivated



Yo, I'mma rise to the top cause it ain't in me to fail
Or die bustin' at the cops before they send me to jail
The same nigga ya serve with won't even send you the bail
And sail with some niggas tryin' to send me to hell
So whether
Rap or crack
Beats or streets
This summer I'm rockin' ice to beat the heat
Now I'm gonna cop a Benz 6 and tell 'em "Keep the Jeep
Keep the receipt, keep the change, keep the game."
As long as I keep the fame and keep my name
Kanye to the
Motherfuckin' West
She said, "You from The Outfit?"
I told her, "Motherfuckin' yes."
So every time I spit, it's got to be fresh
So whether freestyle or written
What's the point of rhyme?
I'd rather hear somethin' bitten, as long as it's hittin'
Wack niggas grab my tracks, just get to shittin'
My niggas grab they gats, just get to spittin'
Faggot niggas be like, "Uh huh, no he didn't."
But I did
Ever since I hooked with Syndicate
And shit
I've been blazin' niggas ever since
Ya heard me?
Blazin' niggas ever since



[Produced by Cam]

[Making the Beat]

[Intro]
Ken: Well I should have you hooked up next week

Chance: It's all good or whatever, I can wait 'til my birthday. I uh-

Ken: No, no, no, no. I told ya, I know you need it now, so next week I promise you I'll have you hooked up, ok?

Chance: Oh, alright. I just wanted to say thank you for everything. For the computer, the T-Shirts, and all the other stuff

Ken: You know, Chance. Let me tell you something. You know, I could never be more proud of anything in my life, you know, than I am of you and what you've done. Chance, you have done remarkable and wondrous things, so you don't have to tell me thank you for anything. I'm supposed to do this, that stuff for you anyway, and ya know, just keep doing what you're doing. I am very, very proud of you. Just keep doing what you're doing, ok?

Chance: Thank you, love you

Ken: Alright, son. Love you too, take care

Chance: Bye bye

Thanks for coming guys

[Verse]
'Member sittin' in class the first time listening to Dilla
Everything's good
Rubbin' on yo chin, sippin gin, Margiela brand chinchilla
Everything's good
My manager backpack packed with packs of cigarillos
And some fruit snacks, and some killers
Phone numbers on speed dial call them save monkey guerillas
Everything's good
I ain't really that good at goodbyes
I ain't really that bad at leaving
I ain't really always been a good guy, I used to be thirsty thievin'
Runnin through purses, even persons leave 'em hurtin' bleedin
I ain't really help the helpless
I used to be worse than worthless
Now I'm worth hooks and verses
I'm good like books in churches
Harolds and Hooks and Churches
Everything's Good
See my name when you Google search it
Use a card when I make a purchase
Everything's Good
But I knew I was fly when I was just a caterpillar
That I'd make it even if I never make a milla
When I meet my maker he gon' make sure that we chillin'
And everything's good
I ain't really that good at goodnight, I ain't really that bad at sleepin'
With bad bitches, put them aside, I used to be thirsty creeping
Now I'm out working evenings, birthdays, even Tuesdays
Wednesdays, Thursdays, weekends, rehearsing verses, murdering merch and events
Damn it feel good to be a gangsta
And it feel good for me to thank you
Put money back in your bank account
Off of songs I barely could think up
'Cause a lot of songs niggas gon' make up
Make sense, but they never gon' make a sound
And I'm better than I was the last time, crescendo
Thanks Justin, lending them pencils
Mr. Menzies, Mensa, Chris Minto
The time I beat Chris on Nintendo
Nanana hey hey, good intro
Remember jacket shoppin' after listening to Thriller
Remember the first time you heard this through and thought, "damn that's that nigga."
Everything's good

[Outro]



[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Now that you're tuned in
I suggest you zoom in
And claim Puff dead
I'm out the tomb then
I'm married to the game like the bride and the groom is
If you don't want to move then leave the room here
See you the type of nigga believe the rumors
But I'm the type to show y'all what the truth is
And show you how the coupe is
And you don't know where the roof is
And the interior is stupid
So I'mma shoot my shot and just do it
Cause I can't stop my love for the music
Been a decade since Biggie dropped "Juicy"
When I think back sometimes I still lose it
And feel the ambiance
From the screams of the audience
And y'all response

[Hook: John Legend]
I'mma give it everything I got, just to stay on top
For the love of the block, cause it's still part of me
And we from Harlem, we
Gonna give it everything I got, just to stay on top
For the love of the block, cause it's still part of me
And we from Harlem, we

[Talking over hook: Termanology]
Cause we can't stop, and you don't stop, cause you can't stop
What's up, rap world
I figured I'd take this opportunity to look outside of myself and say
What would I say if I was them

[Verse 2: Termanology]
9-1 Heavy D, 9-2 Mary J
No more Uptown
Bad Boy on the way
9-3, 9-4 B.I.G.'s in the door
9-5 making hits, Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique
Craig Mack, "Flava in Ya Ear"
Don't stop there, Lil' Kim posing in the panties and a brassiere
Sayin' "Biggie Biggie give me one more chance
"Biggie Biggie give me one more chance" ah man
Fly chicks, rolling in fly whips
9-6 Bad Boy invented the remix
These hits got the whole world loving my clique
They loving the sound
The whole world hitting my hit
9-7 Big passed and he went up to heaven
Only on the second album he already a legend
Man I wish Big could've seen the world in '07
Matter of fact sometimes I wish I just died with him

[Hook: John Legend]

[Talking over hook: Termanology]
I miss him
He's still part of me



[Produced by Havoc]

[Hook: Prodigy]
As time goes by, an eye for an eye
We in this together son your beef is mines
So long as the sun shines to light up the sky
We in this together son your beef is mines
As time goes by, an eye for an eye
We in this together son your beef is mines
So long as the sun shines to light up the sky
We in this together son your beef is mines

[Verse 1: Prodigy]
Let me start from the beginning, at the top of the list
Know wha'mean, Hav, situation like this
Another war story from a thirsty young hustler
Won't trust ya, I'd rather bust ya, and leave your corpse
For the cops to discover, while I be pimping in the Range Rover
All jewelled like Liberace
You watch me while Jakes trying to knock me and lock me
But I'll be on the low sipping Asti Spumante
Niggas try to creep on the side of my Jeep
Stuck the heat through the window rocked they ass to sleep
Over a 3-pack, it was a small thing really, yeah
But keep letting them small things slide and be a failure
If I'm out of town one of my crew'll take care of ya
The world is ours and your team's inferior
You wanna bust caps I get all up in your area
Kidnap your children make the situation scarier
Life is a gamble, we scramble for money
I might crack a smile but ain't a damn thing funny
I'm caught up in the dirt where your hands get muddy
Plus the outcome turns out to be lovely
Got cheese in my pocket hit off my main squeeze
Push back the sunroof, let the cold air breeze
Through the butter soft leather upholstery
But mostly, keep the gat closely cause niggas wanna toast me

[Verse 2: Havoc]
A-yo I gotta get mines, no matter what the consequences
Count all my blessings, add up my weapons
Cock back the gat, let my nine serve purpose
Sling, do my thing, organized fiend service
Trying to make a mil is stress you know the deal
So we sling krills, get your cap peeled, cause everything is real
Cause I wanna chill, laid up in a jacuzzi
Sipping bubbly with my fingers on the Uzi
Try to infiltrate my fort get caught
Dead up in New York, my brain is packed with criminal thoughts
Get your life lost never found again my friend
Mission completed, watch you drop in less than ten
On my road to the riches, hitting snitches off with mad stitches
Your last resting place'll be a ditch kid
No one can stop me, try your style's sloppy
You want to be me, you're just an imitation copy
My theme is all about making the green
Living up in luxury, pushing phat whips and living comfortably

[Hook: Prodigy]
As time goes by, an eye for an eye
We in this together son your beef is mines
So long as the sun shines to light up the sky
We in this together son your beef is mines
As time goes by, an eye for an eye
We in this together son your beef is mines
So long as the sun shines to light up the sky
We in this together son your beef is mines

[Verse 3: Nas]
A drug dealer's dream:
Stash Cream, keys on a triple beam
Five hundred SL green, ninety-five nickle gleam
Condominium, thug dressed like the gentleman
Tailor made ostrich, Chanel for my women friend
Murdering, numbers on your head while I'm burglaring
Shank is serving 'em
What's up to all my niggas swerving in New York metropolis
The Bridge brings apocalypse
Shoot at the clouds feels like, the Holy Beast is watching us
Mad man my sanity is going like an hourglass
Gun inside my bad hand I sliced trying to bag grams
I got hoes that used to milk you, niggas who could've killed you
Is down with my ill crew of psychos
Nas Escobar moving on your weak production
Pumping corruption in the third world we just busting

[Verse 4: Raekwon]
Hold up and analyze the wildcats slang cracks
They swingin Ac's, the new routines, be my eyes black's
Playing corners glancing all up in your cornea
Corner ya, seen cats snatch monies up on ya
But late night, candlelight fiend with a crack pipe
It's only right, feeling higher than an airplane right
Word yo, I want to get this money then blow
Take my time, blast a nine, if you front you go
Sip beers, the German ones, hand my guns to sons
Shaolin, and Queensbridge we robbing niggas for fun
But still, write my will out to my seeds then build
Mahalia sing a tale but the real we still kill

[Hook: Nas]
As time goes by, an eye for an eye
We in this together son your beef is mines
So long as the sun shines to light up the sky
We in this together son your beef is mines
As time goes by, an eye for an eye
We in this together son your beef is mines
So long as the sun shines to light up the sky
We in this together son your beef is mines

[Outro: Raekwon]
Laid back, word out
Jus' bless 'em, with the bulletproof
Mobb Deep, Nas, Chef creation
For yo' nation, YEAH!



[Hook]
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground

[Verse 1]
I sold my soul to the devil: that's a crappy deal
Least it came with a few toys like a Happy Meal
This game you could never win
Cause they love you then they hate you then they love you again
Get away from me misery
Get away from me loneliness
Get away from me fake bitches, I can’t take the phoniness
Get away from me wack tracks
I can only make only hits
I’m an only child lost in the World
Where do the lonely kids go when the bell ring?
It's feeling like Hell rings
Bringing me back down
Checking my background
Its ironic whats happening
Imagine if I didn’t have the ends
I wouldn't have so many imaginary friends
I’m spaced out Dogg, I be on that moon talk
Wonder if God ask Mike how to moonwalk
I swear to momma wish me and my father talk more
I stopped visiting around the time I was a sophomore
I guess everything I hate about me I see in him
And we ain’t finna change, so we’ll never agree again
Till then I’ll be pouring out my soul
Just a few things I see with my eyes closed

[Hook]
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground

[Verse 2]
I sold my soul to the devil
I know its a crappy deal
At least it came with a few toys
Like a Happy Meal
I’m spaced out dog
I be on that moontalk
I wonder if God asked Mike how to Moonwalk?
You know the entertainment Angels
Adriana for Giselle
Let's exchange Angels
Photoshoot at my crib
Lets exchange angles
Rockin nothin but them Tom Binns bangles
My heart so anxious, gettin' anxiety
Begging one of these fuckin fashion houses to hire me
They say I’ve been an asshole
I said if you acquire me
I can be a quiet me, call it verbal dieting
Give me your herbal chai tea
I’ll be calm as Tai Chi
With a bad white bitch like Ice-T
I’m not right dog, I’m slightly off
I’m paranoid; like bonin’ raw dog
And wakin up with a slight cough
Yea, that’ll make ya dick quite soft
Plus my neck hurt too lemme take all this ice off
Never meant to hurt you, I should’ve had nights off
But it cost too much to live and I never took the price off

[Hook]
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground



[Intro: Joba]
[incoherent sputtering]—"Take it all or leave it."

[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
I can't sleep like I used to
The world will try to tell you who you are
Before you get to explain yourself, your thoughts
Your motives and all of your reasons
Two albums every season, what the hell do y’all believe in?
Why the hell do y'all keep reachin'?
In the evenings when I see ’em
I tell myself that love will be the thing to keep us from grieving
Need something new to believe in
'Cause these new niggas'll change on you
I mean they change on you
Why the hell the BBC only write about me
When it comes down to controversy?
What about three CD's in one year with no label?
Then we signed and our story turned into a fucking fable
I was that nigga in a room
With no motherfuckin' cable and no table
Now my mom call me whenever she need her car note
Cellphone, whatever bill paid too, y'all niggas losers
You don't understand why I do what I do, so let me do it
Get the hell on, let me do it, get the hell on, let me do it

[Verse 2: Dom McLennon]
I don't speak like I used to
I’m thinking of a way to change the world that I move through
I feel like Nikola, what I invent is what I’m true to
I feel for Nikola with these ideas that I grew through
I know that when they see a brilliant mind they'll just abuse you
It’s hard to feel what's real, some nights I'm scared that I'm delusional
I’m scared that I'm more like Nikola than I'd ever collude to
I'm scared of what can happen when ideas will consume you
'Cause there isn't room for peace I can achieve

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
You don't understand why I can't get up and shout
I keep tellin' ya
You don't understand why I can't get up and shout

[Verse 3: Merlyn Wood]
Stay rough, get buff, get out, hey, boy
Stay rough, get buff, get out
The monsters swarm 'round with them toys
The monsters swarm 'round with them toys
Hey, boy, stay rough, get buff, get out
Hey, boy, stay rough, get buff, get out
The monsters swarm 'round with them toys
The monsters swarm 'round with them toys

[Verse 4: Joba]
Don't mind me, I'm just killin' time (you can pick me to pieces)
But if you've got a lifeline, throw it, throw it
Don't mind me, I'm just killin' time (you can pick me to pieces)
But if you've got a lifeline, throw it, throw it

[Verse 5: bearface]
Why the fuck would you share this shit with these people?
I don't know these people, I don't know you either, no more
I'm at war with myself
Every time I see this shit I wanna kill myself
And they coming for my mother, sending bullets for my head
Think they fallin' in love but I'd rather be dead
Please just leave me alone, I don't wanna be read
Yeah, yeah

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
You don't understand why I can't get up and shout
I keep tellin' ya
You don't understand why I can't get up and shout
You don't understand why I can't get up and shout
I keep tellin' ya
You don't understand why I can't get up and shout
You don't understand why I can't get up and shout
I keep tellin' ya
You don't understand why I can't get up and shout
You don't understand why I can't get up and shout
I keep tellin' ya
You don't understand why I can't get up and shout

[Outro: Merlyn Wood, Matt Champion, Ashlan Grey, Jabari Manwa & Romil Hemnani]
It's the best years of our lives, motherfucker
You are now about to experience
These are the best years of our lives
I feel you



[Chorus: Joba]
Tell me what you're waiting for
I just wanna love you
Tell me what you're waiting for
I just wanna hold you
Tell me what you're waiting for, hun
I just wanna love you
Just wanna hold you, never would lie to you
Tell me what you're waiting for, hun
What you waiting for?

[Verse 1: Dom McLennon]
It feels like I can see the past in your eyes
I know the future has been passing you by
These other niggas, they just passing your time
They don't know how to ride the tidal waves
That crash in your thighs
But I got the dream, and if you believe
Then I can take you somewhere that is pristine
I'm keeping it clean, my title is mean
They boxin' us in but we broke out the seams
Don't make me a fiend, I know what I want
I'm working to get everything that I need
But I got a plan for ya
I'm taking a stand for ya, I care for ya

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
What's your motive with me baby?
'Cause I don't trust nobody lately
I twist and turn, moving just like a serpent
New times are coming just like a virgin
Get you all outta my head
'Cause lately I'm better off dead
I say this all out of respect
Sometimes I want nothing with you
Wearing your love like medallions
'Cause I know thousand men want ya, wants the menages
Fucking, riding shotgun, slap your buns
Melting, fading, under stars and the sun
85, 90, gon' bust out the gun
Know they sent me from the neck of the woods
Change my name, state so they never could

[Chorus: Joba]
Tell me what you're waiting for
I just wanna love you
Tell me what you're waiting for
I just wanna hold you
Tell me what you're waiting for, hun
I just wanna love you
Just wanna hold you, never would lie to you
Tell me what you're waiting for, hun
What you waiting for?

[Verse 3: Ameer Vann]
I need a friend (I need a friend)
And you need a home (you need a home)
I love when you come (I love when you come)
I still feel alone
You make it warm in my bed
Butterflies in my head
Sun rise, let it set
But you don't love me like you say you do
White lies hold the hidden truth
You keep leaving when I need you most
It's true what they say about
Love had and love lost
Here you are and now you're gone
I'm left alone in the same bed
I wake up in a cold sweat

[Verse 4: Joba]
Please don't make me wait long
I just wanna be your main one
Your main, your main one, mm-mm
See, I don't want nobody, do you? mm-mm
See, I don't want nobody, but you-u-u, mm-mm
I spent the day by my lonesome
Who do you call when there's no one?
No one ever did what you did for me and did to me
My bed is cold and indented where you used to sleep
Tell me what you're waiting for, shit
Tell me what I'm here for

[Chorus: Joba]
Tell me what you're waiting for
I just wanna love you
Tell me what you're waiting for
I just wanna hold you
Tell me what you're waiting for, hun
I just wanna love you
Just wanna hold you, never would lie to you
Tell me what you're waiting for, hun
What you waiting for?



[Intro]
Dirt and grime and filth inside
The story of my lifetime
Of cheating, stealing, never feeling
Pain of a brother, your dirty mother
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are
G-g-g-good work, Charlie
(Perfect!)

[Chorus]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(You!)

[Verse 1]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel so accomplished
I done talked a lot of shit but I just did the numbers
Herzog and Adidas, man, you know they love it
If Nike ain't have Drizzy, man, they would have nothin', woo!
If Nike ain't have Don C, man, they would have nothin', ooh!
But I'm all for the family, tell 'em, "Get your money"
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, they line up for days
Nike out here bad, they can't give shit away
I stuck to my roots, I'm like Jimmy Fallon
I ain't dropped the album but the shoes went platinum (Woo!)
Every time I talk, they say I'm too aggressive
I was out here spazzin', now y'all get the message?!
On the field I'm over-reckless, on my Odell Beckham
2020, I'ma run the whole election, yah!
I've been trending years, y'all a couple days
Yeezy in the house and we just got appraised
Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaves
Gave LeBron a billi' not to run away (You!)
Ten-thousand dollar fur for Nori, I just copped it (You!)
Your baby daddy won't even take your daughter shoppin' (You!)
I done wore designers I won't wear again
Make 'em niggas famous, they get arrogant

[Chorus]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman, ah!
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(Sonic boom!)

[Verse 2]
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, this is pure luxury
I give 'em Grey Poupon on a DJ Mustard, ah!
If you ain't poppin' shit then why you rap for, huh?
Plus Kimoji just shut down the app store, ah!
And we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute
(We did)
Yeah, we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute, ah!
Do anybody feel bad for Bill Cosby?
Did he forget the names just like Steve Harvey? (You!)
Tell Adidas that we need a million in production (You!)
I done told y'all, all I needed was the infrastructure (Boom!)
Now we hottest in the streets, it ain't no discussion
James Harden, Swaggy P runnin' up the budget (Yoga flame!)
Keep the work at my baby mama's mama's house
I'm a jerk, you need to work, you need to call my spouse
Yeezy, Yeezy, take a picture with me on Rodeo
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I might do my own hotel
Couches, couches, couches, couches, which one should I pick?
I need extra deep, I like my bitches extra thick (sonic boom!)
Every time I see the news, man it bring me home
Call up DJ Mano, shout out Twilite Tone
We just blessed to be alive, yeah, ain't that the truth?
So let's celebrate the life of Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2

[Outro]
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are, are, are, are, are, are, are
(Perfect!)



[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
Yippy yay, yippy yay, hit me on my cellular phone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I'll be right back with the dope
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I know you niggas need some more
Take that shit from me some more, I just need to be alone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, hit me on my cellular phone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I'll be right back with the dope
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I know you niggas need some more
Take that shit from me some more, I just need to be alone

[Verse 1: Ameer Vann]
Nigga talk shit, I'll single you out
If you've got a problem we can figure it out
I'm from H-Town, but the gold in my mouth
Southside niggas put a hole in your house
A hole in your spouse
Better think twice 'fore you open you mouth
It's getting real close to the first of the month
Niggas hit licks, for the gas and the blunt
Send em to the doc, gotta open them up
Niggas load guns in the back of the truck
Niggas hate money til they laced with gold
Gotta get a gun for your hateful foes
Flex too hard and your casket close
You don't want your momma come and get you from the morgue
Tall white T, blood on the floor
Ohhh, don't say that

[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
Yippy yay, yippy yay, hit me on my cellular phone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I'll be right back with the dope
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I know you niggas need some more
Take that shit from me some more, I just need to be alone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, hit me on my cellular phone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I'll be right back with the dope
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I know you niggas need some more
Take that shit from me some more, I just need to be alone

[Verse 2: Dom McLennon]
Uhhh, I feel like Master P
I ain't no slave, ain't lettin no one try to massa me
I'm getting tested, tested, but nobody passing me
Ain't sugar coating shit don't need them extra calories
It's a machine, that's why we work inside the factory
Put em up for me, display it like it's a gallery
Don't need your salary, gold on me like it's alchemy
Giving niggas the battery when they witness the mastery
Ohhh, don't say that, don't talk to me, we don't play that
They got chalk for me, I make outlines like it's pottery
I got a squad full of fucking oddities
I got squash, apricots and broccoli
We turn weird shit to a commodity
I'm on a odyssey for real quality
It's like ohhh

[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
Yippy yay, yippy yay, hit me on my cellular phone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I'll be right back with the dope
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I know you niggas need some more
Take that shit from me some more, I just need to be alone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, hit me on my cellular phone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I'll be right back with the dope
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I know you niggas need some more
Take that shit from me some more, I just need to be alone

[Verse 3: Merlyn Wood]
I look like a Somali pirate (don't say that!)
Failed middle school and college (don't say that!)
Daddy say I'm an asshole (don't say that!)
Dick complexion of a Backwoods (eww, don't say that)
She text me, dry as the Sahara (oh wow!)
After she get in that casa Merlyn (straight up!)
I was in that mouth like flouride
That pussy tight as a hair tie (ah, ooh ooh)
Scrunchie, I'm so horny baby, bitch your house, pussy baby
When I get the munchies I steal, I don't share roaches baby
Bum with the good haircut
Bum with a good haircut, mattress and magic dick

[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
Yippy yay, yippy yay, hit me on my cellular phone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I'll be right back with the dope
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I know you niggas need some more
Take that shit from me some more, I just need to be alone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, hit me on my cellular phone
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I'll be right back with the dope
Yippy yay, yippy yay, I know you niggas need some more
Take that shit from me some more, I just need to be alone



[Chorus]
I've been down so long, it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face
I've been down so long, it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face

[Verse 1]
Somethin' ain't right when we talkin'
Somethin' ain't right when we talkin'
Look like you hidin' your problems
Really you never was solid
No, you can't "son" me
You won't never get to run me
Just when shit look out of reach
I reach back like one, three
Like one, three, yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
That's when they smile in my face
Whole time they wanna take my place
Whole time they wanna take my place
Whole time they wanna take my place
Yeah, I know they wanna take my place
I can tell that love is fake
I don't trust a word you say
How you wanna clique up after your mistakes?
Look you in the face, and it's just not the same

[Chorus]
I've been down so long, it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face
I've been down so long, it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face

[Verse 2]
Yeah, straight up to my face, tryna play it safe
Vibe switch like night and day
I can see it, like, right away
I came up, you changed up
I caught that whole play
Since, things never been the same

[Pre-Chorus]
That's when they smile in my face
Whole time they wanna take my place
Whole time they wanna take my place
Whole time they wanna take my place
Yeah, I know they wanna take my place
I can tell that love is fake (I can tell that love is fake)
I don't trust a word you say (I don't trust a word)
How you wanna clique up after your mistakes?
(That's just what I heard)
Look you in the face, and it's just not the same

[Chorus]
I've been down so long, it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face
I've been down so long, it look like up to me
They look up to me
I got fake people showin' fake love to me
Straight up to my face, straight up to my face

[Outro]
Skrrt
And more chune for your headtop
So watch how you speak on my name, you know?



[Produced by The Alchemist]

[Intro: Action Bronson]
Yo pass me the ball fool
You better fuckin' pick me, ya
Straight the fuck up, I roof this shit
Fuckin' 360 on this pussy
I don't give a fuck
I'll kick this motherfucking ball over the fence
No shoes on

[Verse 1 : Action Bronson]
I know you see me on the TV, lookin' like a hunk of beef
When I smile your baby mama shit her dungarees
Somebody get the kid a deal he sound like me
But nah, dunny don't get down like me
The falcon flies back to the glove when I whistle
Don't try to put me in the box like a tissue
Cause I push you in the box with a pink suit
Fuck around and have some squid ink soup, bitch
(Ah man there's so much fuckin' hash in this joint right now son)
Uh, you ain't a legend like Yanni
I'm so Queens like a Roy Wilkins T-shirt
With one arm shredded, and one arm missing
Dog, I was born with Allah's vision
I learned quick I couldn't follow suit
Cause the Devil put the pork inside the dollar soup
Now I'm sittin' in first class with a hard dick
Listenin' to German guitar riffs, what a life
I was made like the beginning of Jurassic Park
When they took the fucking blood from the mosquito with a dope needle
Then they shot it in a wild lion, 1983
I popped out holdin' an iron with a visor on
Yeah, uh huh
Yo, the videos are like a Jewish summer camp promo
Your ideas lack Adobo

[Verse 2 : Meyhem Lauren]
Yo, silk cinder blocks, cinnamon socks
On the low like a whip without shocks
I bag bitches in flocks
Representative for everything official
Ya'll niggas can't live, so it's officially an issue
Waterproof penmanship, padded on a rugby
Hammer in the hamper 'case a nigga try to thug me
I'm a idol, my wave is tidal, forget survival
Treat the last record I broke just like a rival
Uh, I'm New York before it turned into a bike lane
Never had a light fame, split the pipe cane
It was written but I wrote it
Put religion right on my neck and then I froze it
Laurenovitch, yeah

[Outro: Big Body Bes]
3:36 in the morning
Location: a drug infested area, Brooklyn, New York
What am I doing? Standing on an unidentified corner
With a Latin individual, corn rows, foamposites;
All sorts of a felony in his waist
But who are you? She only loves me when I'm naked



[Produced by Blended Babies]

[Verse 1: Vic Mensa]
Turn the radio up and we can have a good time
Got me feeling like J.J. on Good Times
Back when Thelma had that ass, off the fam good
My sister said she likes my raps cause it sounds good
Told me not to cut corners, use to cut quarters
Sitting in the room, on the phone, cooking up orders
Till my pops popped me off, that was family matters
Used to watch him in the kitchen sipping Sammy Adams
Now I'm rollin', iPhone Stolen
Mama whip with 5 of my guys, 4 holdin'
Trying to live our lives like our lives are so golden
Got big shoes to fill like try go bowling
Til we strike out, we just hoping we don't strike out
4th quarter, how you gon go and take Mike out?
Summertime Chi, I had to pull the bike out
Riding getting nice cause it's nice out

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
Let's land in the land where the Famo stay
Grind all day 'til the fam okay
It still warm my heart to hear my grandma pray
For the fam of my friends when my mans go away
Let's land in the land where the Famo stay
Grind all day 'til the fam okay
It still warm my heart to hear my grandma pray
For the fam of my friends when my mans go away

[Verse 2: Chance The Rapper]
Don't wake up, don't wake up, don't wake up too fast
Don't make up your mind, you should flake on that class
Sing all you want, just don't Drake on they ass
Shore you got drive, don't turn fake on they ass
Good morning, good raps, good morrow, good luck
Tonight you could blow, tomorrow you suck
Bizarro, my carro, I borrowed from Chuck
A new SLR and Ferrarro deluxe
No money for the meter when I'm parkin' em
Gassed than a bitch no car with him
Market him, tell him that he's buzzing like a game of operation with Parkinsons
Young kid rappers, kidnappers
Young whipper snapper that will whip past ya
Will get at you, come get at you
Wanna break ya off, ome Kit-Kat you

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
Let's land in the land where the Famo stay
Grind all day 'til the fam okay
It still warm my heart to hear my grandma pray
For the fam of my friends when my mans go away
Let's land in the land where the Famo stay
Grind all day 'til the fam okay
It still warm my heart to hear my grandma pray
For the fam of my friends when my mans go away

[Verse 3: Sulaiman]
Now the team work make the dream work
Go ahead and send an application if you need work
If it need hurt, then I'mma bring hurt
How you finna see the clouds if you never seen dirt
Now you finna play it loud, listen how it's goin down
Didn't know the name before bet you niggas know it now
Chi-City niggy, made a 50 out a penny
Got some titties at the cribby and the Savemoney with me and we going in
Going all out for them hoes again
Now I'm fin to bring the fucking flow and bend it back
And show it's more to this than rap
Love my parents for supporting cause they know I'm finna crack
Know my niggas got my back, got some niggas selling packs
But I'm tryin' to get em cheese so I can get em out the trap
Now my figures getting fat, a lot of hoes be tryin' to jack
But I got her on my lap, all she do is make it clap

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
Let's land in the land where the Famo stay
Grind all day 'til the fam okay
It still warm my heart to hear my grandma pray
For the fam of my friends when my mans go away
Let's land in the land where the Famo stay
Grind all day 'til the fam okay
It still warm my heart to hear my grandma pray
For the fam of my friends when my mans go away
Let's land in the land where the Famo stay
Grind all day 'til the fam okay
It still warm my heart to hear my grandma pray
For the fam of my friends when my mans go away
Let's land in the land where the Famo stay
Grind all day 'til the fam okay
It still warm my heart to hear my grandma pray
For the fam of my friends when my mans go away



[Intro]
How's your son? (all the things)
He made the team this year? (all, all, all the things things)
Aight, they said he wasn't tall enough
(...all all that glitters is not gold
And all gold is not reality
Real is what you lays on me)
Ma we here we gon' cook this Sunday ok?
That's a new girlfriend?

[Verse 1]
This is family business
And this is for the family that can't be with us
And this is for my cousin locked down, know the answer's in us
This why I spit it in my songs so sweet like a photo
Of your granny's picture, now that you're gone, it hit us
Super hard on Thanksgiving and Christmas, this can't be right
Yeah you heard the track I did man, "This Can't Be Life"
Somebody please say grace so I can save face
And have a reason to cover my face
I even made you a plate, soul food, know how Granny do it
Monkey bread on the side, know how the family do it
When I brought it why the guard have to look all through it?
As kids we used to laugh
Who knew that life would move this fast?
Who knew I'd have to look at you through a glass?
And look, you tell me you ain't did it then you ain't did it
And if you did, then that's family business

[Hook]
And I don't care 'bout
(all the diamond rings all the diamond rings)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
All these fancy things
I tell you that all is my weight and gold
(all that glitters is not gold, now gold is not reality)
Now all I know I know all these things
(real is what you lease on me)

[Verse 2]
This is family business
And this is for everybody standing with us
Come on, let's take a family Grammy picture
Abi, remember when they ain't believe in me?
Now she like "See, that's my cousin on TV!"
Now, we gettin' it and we gon' make it
And they gon' hate it and I'm his favorite
I can't deny it, I'm a straight rider
But when we get together be electric slidin'
Grandma, get 'em shook up
Aw naw, don't open the photo book up
I got an Aunt Ruth that can't remember your name
But I bet them Polaroids'll send her down memory lane
You know that one auntie, you don't mean to be rude
But every holiday nobody eating her food
And you don't wanna stay there cause them your worst cousins
Got roaches at their crib like them your first cousins
Act like you ain't took a bath with your cousins
Fit 3 in the bed if it's 6 of y'all
I'm talkin' 'bout three by the head and three by the leg
But you ain't have to tell my girl I used to pee in the bed

[Interlude]
Rain, rain, rain go away
Let the sun come out and all the children say
Rain, rain, rain go away
Let the sun come out and all the children say

[Verse 3]
I woke up early this morning with a new state of mind
A creative way to rhyme without using knives and guns
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to God
And keep your face to the risin' sun
All my niggas from the Chi, that's my family, dog
And my niggas ain't my guys, they my family, dog
I feel like one day you'll understand me, dog
You can still love your man and be manly, dog
You ain't got to get heated at every house warmin'
Sittin' here, grillin' people like George Foreman
Why Uncle Ray and Aunt Shiela always performin'?
The second she storm out then he storm in
Y'all gon' sit down, have a good time this reunion
And drink some wine like Communion
And act like everything fine and if it isn't
We ain't letting everybody in our family business

[Hook]
(all all all the diamond rings diamond rings)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
(all all that glitters is not gold, now gold is not reality)
They don't mean a thing a thing
(all, all, all the things)
They don't mean a thing a thing a thing
I don't care what they don't mean a thing
(all, all, all the things) all these fancy things
I tell you that all is my weight and gold
All I know, I know all these things
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things

[Outro]
CLK Mercedes Benz
All these things, all these things ...
All these things, all these things ...
All these things, all these things ...
A whole lotta money
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things
Mommy and Daddy, will you please stop fighting?
All these things, all these things
All these things, (and I don't care why) all these things
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things...
Let's get Stevie outta jail



[Intro: JAY-Z]
(Ha-ya) My nigga got on
(Ha-ya) My nigga got on all white, no socks
(Ha-ya, ha-ya)
My nigga got that cocaina on today
That's how he feel, turn my vocal up (Ha-ya)
That's how you feel, Emory? (Ha-ya)
Turn my vocal up some more
Turn my vocal up, Guru! (Ha-ya)
Turn the music up too (Ha-ya-ya-ya)

[Verse 1: JAY-Z & Beyoncé]
Super Bowl goals
My wife in the crib feedin' the kids liquid gold
We in a whole different mode
Kid that used to pitch bricks can't be pigeonholed
I cooked up more chicken when the kitchen closed
Uh, we gon' reach a billi' first
I told my wife the spiritual shit really work
Alhamdulillah, I run through 'em all
Hovi's home, all these phonies come to a halt
All this old talk left me confused
You'd rather be old rich me or new you?
And old niggas, y'all stop actin' brand new
Like 2Pac ain't have a nose ring too, huh
Nobody wins when the family feuds
But my stash can't fit into Steve Harvey's suit
I'm clear why I'm here, how about you?
Ain't no such thing as an ugly billionaire, I'm cute
(Mmmmm) Pretty much
If anybody gettin' handsome checks, it should be us
Fuck rap, crack cocaine
Nah, we did that, Black-owned things
Hundred percent Black-owned champagne
And we merrily merrily eatin' off these streams
Y'all still drinkin' Perrier-Jouët, hah
But we ain't get through to you yet, uh
What's better than one billionaire? Two (two)
'Specially if they're from the same hue as you
Y'all stop me when I stop tellin' the truth

[Interlude: JAY-Z & Beyoncé]
Hahahaha (Ha-ya)
I would say I'm the realest nigga rappin' (Ha-ya)
But that ain't even a statement (Ha-ya)
That's like sayin' I'm the tallest midget (Ha-ya)
Wait, that ain't politically correct, forget it (Ha-ya)
Can I get "Amen" from the congregation?
Amen, amen (Ha-ya)
Can I get a "Amen" from the congregation?
Amen, amen (Ha-ya)
Ha-ya-ya-ya

[Verse 2: JAY-Z]
Yeah, I'll fuck up a good thing if you let me
Let me alone, Becky
A man that don't take care his family can't be rich
I'll watch Godfather, I miss that whole shit
My consciousness was Michael's common sense
I missed the karma that came as a consequence
Niggas bustin' off through the curtains 'cause she hurtin'
Kay losin' the babies 'cause their future's uncertain
Nobody wins when the family feuds
We all screwed 'cause we never had the tools
I'm tryna fix you
I'm tryna get these niggas with no stripes to be official
Y'all think small, I think Biggie
Y'all whole pass is in danger, ten Mississippi
Al Sharpton in the mirror takin' selfies
How is him or Pill Cosby s'posed to help me?
Old niggas never accepted me
New niggas is the reason I stopped drinkin' Dos Equis
We all lose when the family feuds
What's better than one billionaire? Two

[Interlude: JAY-Z]
Hahahah
I'll be damned if I drink some Belvedere while Puff got CÎROC
Y'all need to stop

[Outro: Beyoncé]
(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
Ha-ya-ya-ya
Ha-ya, ha-ya
Love me like, love
Yeah yeah yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah



[Intro: Rihanna & Kanye West]
Man, I can understand how it might be
Kinda hard to love a girl like me
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
I just wanted you to know
Swizz told me let the beat rock

[Verse 1: Kanye West & Swizz Beatz]
For all my Southside niggas that know me best
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
Why? I made that bitch famous (Goddamn)
I made that bitch famous
For all the girls that got dick from Kanye West
If you see 'em in the streets give 'em Kanye's best
Why? They mad they ain't famous (Goddamn)
They mad they still nameless (Talk that talk, man)
Her man in the store tryna try his best
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
But we still hood famous (Goddamn)
Yeah, we still hood famous

[Chorus: Rihanna & Swizz Beatz]
I just wanted you to know
I've loved you better than your own kin did
From the very start
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
Wake up, Mr. West! Oh, he's up!
I just wanted you to know

[Verse 2: Kanye West & Swizz Beatz]
I be Puerto Rican day parade floatin'
That Benz Marina Del Rey coastin'
She in school to be a real estate agent
Last month I helped her with the car payment
Young and we alive, whoo!
We never gonna die, whoo!
I just copped a jet to fly over personal debt
Put one up in the sky
The sun is in my eyes, whoo!
Woke up and felt the vibe, whoo!
No matter how hard they try, whoo!
We never gonna die

[Chorus: Rihanna]
I just wanted you to know

[Bridge: Sister Nancy & Swizz Beatz]
Bam, 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam, bam, bam bam dilla
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam, bam, bam bam dilla
How you feeling right now? Let me see your lighters in the air
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam
Let me see your middle finger in the air
Bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam, bam, bam bam dilla
Let me see you act up in this motherfucker
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam, bam, bam bam dilla
How you feelin', how you feelin, how you feelin' in this mother fucker, god damn
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam
One thing you can't do is stop us now
Bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam bam, bam bam dilla
Ayy, you can't stop the thing now
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam, bam, bam bam dilla
Man, it's way too late, it's way too late, it's way too late, you can't fuck with us
Bam bam, 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam, 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam
To the left, to the right
Bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam bam, bam bam dilla
I wanna see everybody hands in the air like this
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam, bam, bam bam dilla
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey 'ey
Bam bam 'ey 'ey 'ey
What a bam, bam

[Outro: Nina Simone]
I just wanted you to know
I loved you better than your own kin did
From the very start
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
I just wanted you to know

[Produced by Kanye West, Charlie Heat, Havoc & Noah Goldstein]



[Intro: Pastor T.L. Barrett / Choir & Future]
You're the only power (power)
You're the only power that can
You're the only power (power)
You're the only power that can
Ohh, ohh, ohh, other...
If young Metro don't trust you I'm gon' shoot you

[Pre-Chorus: Kid Cudi & Pastor T.L. Barrett / Choir]
Beautiful mornin', you're the sun in my mornin', babe
Who can I turn to?
Nothin' unwanted
After all, who can I turn to?
Beautiful mornin', you're the sun in my mornin', babe
If I don't turn to you
Nothin' unwanted
No other help I know, I stretch my hands

[Chorus: Kanye West & Pastor T.L. Barrett / Choir]
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
Who can I turn to?
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
After all, who can I turn to?
If I ever instigated, I am sorry
If I don't turn to you
Tell me who in here could relate, I-I-I
No other help I know, I stretch my hands

[Verse: Kanye West & Kelly Price]
Now, if I fuck this model
And she just bleached her asshole
And I get bleach on my T-shirt
I'ma feel like an asshole
I was high when I met her
We was down in Tribeca
She'll get under your skin if you let her
She'll get under your skin if you-uh
I don't even wanna talk about it
I don't even wanna talk about it
I don't even wanna say nothin'
Everybody gon' say somethin'
I'd be worried if they said nothin'
Remind me where I know you from
She lookin' like she owe you some'n
You know just what we want
I wanna wake up with you in my...
I wanna wake up with you in my...

[Pre-Chorus: Kid Cudi, Pastor T.L. Barrett / Choir & Kelly Price]
Beautiful mornin', you're the sun in my mornin', babe
Who can I turn to?
Beautiful mornin'
Nothin' unwanted
After all, who can I turn to?
Beautiful mornin', you're the sun in my mornin', babe
If I don't turn to you
Nothin' unwanted
No other help I know, I stretch my hands

[Chorus: Kanye West & Pastor T.L. Barrett / Choir]
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
Who can I turn to?
I just wanna feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
After all, who can I turn to?
If I ever instigated, I am sorry
If I don't turn to you
Tell me who in here could relate, I-I-I
No other help I know, I stretch my hands



[Verse 1]
Chef Sweaty braising your faculty
Face getting gray from the ash, but I'm laughing
That's the trace in me, nigga
Fuck out my face while I'm thinking
Ain't step foot up in my momma place for a minute
My days numbered
I'm focused heavy on making the most of 'em
I feel like I'm the only one pressin' to grow upwards
It's still fuck you and whoever you showed up with
Trying to see an M and some steadier hands
Who you callin' your mans?
Bet you thought he was solid, when he really just sand
Washing away with the water
I'm a land mammal staying away from the altar
Shit changed in the August, in the wake of that August
Last autumn the leaves fell, and I raked in the profit
Disobeying the doctor
The good guy prescribe, faith never caught 'em
Chasing these rabbits, whole face in a faucet

[Hook]
And I don't know who house to call home lately
I hope my phone break, let it ring
Toe to toe with the foes, new and old
Basic hoes try to cage him like the po'
When I run, don't chase me
And I don't know who house to call home lately
I hope my phone break, let it ring
Toe to toe with the foes, new and old
Basic hoes try to cage him like the po'
When I run, don't chase me

[Verse 2]
Solid, so the funds don't phase me
On tour wildin' by the truck stop racists
Hard as finding me a, a common thread between us
Raised different, my momma, she born, bred the leader
To get shit poppin' like the gun's off safety
Sayin' easy and doing harder when you get caught up
Raised neck and neck with Nak, so I’m a fluent brawler
Rain checkin’ on ya plot if ever bread should pop up
Out the toaster I gotta focus, my family problems
Shrunk and widen with the bumps in my personal finance
It hurt 'cause I can’t keep a date or put personal time in
Or reverse to the times when my face didn’t surprise you
Before I did the shit that earned me my term on that island
Can’t put a smile on your face through your purse or your pocket
Shit in a pile, never change, I’m stupid for tryin’
Still just too busy wildin’ (still)

[Hook]
And I don't know who house to call home lately
I hope my phone break, let it ring
Toe to toe with the foes, new and old
Basic hoes try to cage him like the po'
When I run, don't chase me
And I don't know who house to call home lately
I hope my phone break, let it ring
Toe to toe with the foes, new and old
Basic hoes try to cage him like the po'
When I run, don't chase me



[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
Chance, acid rapper, soccer, hacky sacker
Cocky khaki jacket jacker
Slap-happy faggot slapper
Iraqi rocket launcher
Shake that Laffy Taffy, jolly raunchy rapper
Dang, dang, dang - skeet, skeet, skeet
She do that thing for three retweets
The album feel like '92
Now take that ball 'fore he three-peat
Chance, ho, acid, cruising on that LSD
Asked Joseph about my deal
He looked back said "hell yeah, let's eat!"

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
This shit my favorite song, you just don't know the words
But I still fuck with you, you just ain't never heard
It go like: count that stack, pop that cap then down that Jack
All my niggas hit that zan, and all my ladies bob that back
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm bout that jam

[Verse 2: Chance The Rapper]
Young Rascal Flatts - young ass kid ass could rap
Fuck all the faculty, tobacco-packing acrobat
Back-to-back packin' bags back and forth with fifths of Jack and
Fourths of weed, I'm back to pack on hands
With young Cletus to pat my back
Real nigga with a nose ring, that's right
Just here to rap them songs
Rag on my hair, wrap weed in Vegas, rockin' Vagabonds
Sang a song, oh you don't know? What?
Well, I still bang with you
Hang with you, sip drank with you
As long as I can sang with you like:

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
This shit my favorite song, you just don't know the words
But I still fuck with you, you just ain't never heard
It go like: count that stack, pop that cap then down that Jack
All my niggas hit that zan, and all my ladies bob that back
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm bout that jam

[Verse 3: Childish Gambino]
Niggas please be focused - that Bino, you know this
He rep the home of Sosas, you know I'm from that Zone 6
You know I rep that Stone shit, you know your hood is so clit
As God as my witness, this Will Smith spit real shit
I'mma be that - CG busy gettin', where the weed at?
Bought your girl some new kneepads
You're fuckin' with the Fifi bag
My stars, egad, she said: "this my favorite song"
"Hold my purse" - now she on the floor, droppin' like it's hot
You blast this shit in Abercrombie when your work is finished
Your mom won't play it in the car 'cause it's got cursing in it
Your boy like: "I'm the one who showed you," he want his percentage
'Cause you were like: "this ain't the nigga you said spittin', is it?"
Two-step - white dude's Harlem Shake
Why you laughing?
'Cause you Harlem Shake
I was never fake, I was just too good to be true
That's acid rap, we killed the track
You had your chance, and 'Bino too

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper & Childish Gambino]
This shit my favorite song, you just don't know the words
But I still fuck with you, you just ain't never heard
It go like: count that stack, pop that cap then down that Jack
All my niggas hit that zan, and all my ladies bob that back
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm bout that jam



[Intro]
Poverty's paradise
I don’t think I could find a way to make it on this earth
(I've been hungry all my life)

[Voicemail: Carl Duckworth]
What's up, family?
Yeah, it’s your cousin Carl, man, just givin' you a call, man
I know you been havin' a lot on yo' mind lately
And I know you feel like, you know
People ain't been prayin' for you
But you have to understand this, man, that we are a cursed people Deuteronomy 28:28 says, "The Lord shall smite thee with madness And blindness, and astonishment of heart"
See, family, that's why you feel like you feel
Like you got a chip on your shoulder
Until you finally get the memo, you gonna feel that way

[Bridge: Charles Edward Sydney Isom Jr. & Kendrick Lamar]
Why God, why God do I gotta suffer?
Pain in my heart carry burdens full of struggle
Why God, why God do I gotta bleed?
Every stone thrown at you restin' at my feet
Why God, why God do I gotta suffer?
Earth is no more, won’t you burn this muh’fucka?
I don't think I could find a way to make it on this earth
akcuf’hum siht nrub uoy t'now ,erom on si htraE
reffus attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW
teef ym ta 'nitser uoy ta nworht enots yrevE
deelb attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW
elggurts fo lluf snedrub yrrac traeh ym ni niaP
reffus attog I od doG yhw ,doG yhW
teef ym ta 'nitser uoy ta nworht enots yrevE

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I beat yo’ ass, keep talkin' back
I beat yo' ass, who bought you that?
You stole it, I beat yo' ass if you say that game is broken
I beat yo' ass if you jump on my couch
I beat yo' ass if you walk in this house
With tears in your eyes, runnin' from Poo Poo and Prentice
Go back outside, I beat yo' ass, lil' nigga
That homework better be finished, I beat yo' ass
Your teachers better not be bitchin' 'bout you in class
That pizza better not be wasted, you eat it all
That TV better not be loud if you got it on
Them Jordans better not get dirty when I just bought 'em
Better not hear 'bout you humpin' on Keisha's daughter
Better not hear you got caught up
I beat yo' ass, you better not run to your father
I beat yo' ass, you know my patience runnin' thin
I got buku payments to make
County building's on my ass, tryna take my food stamps away
I beat yo' ass if you tell them social workers he live here
I beat yo' ass if I beat yo' ass twice and you still here
Seven years old, think you run this house by yourself?
Nigga, you gon' fear me if you don't fear no one else

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
If I could smoke fear away, I'd roll that mothafucka up
And then I'd take two puffs
I'm high now (Huh), I'm high now (Huh)
I'm high now (Huh), I'm high now (Huh)
Life's a bitch, pull them panties to the side now
(Pull them panties to the side now)
I don't think I could find a way to make it on this earth

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
I'll prolly die anonymous, I'll prolly die with promises
I'll prolly die walkin' back home from the candy house
I'll prolly die because these colors are standin' out
I'll prolly die because I ain't know Demarcus was snitchin'
I'll prolly die at these house parties, fuckin' with bitches
I'll prolly die from witnesses leavin' me falsed accused
I'll prolly die from thinkin' that me and your hood was cool
Or maybe die from pressin' the line, actin' too extra
Or maybe die because these smokers are more than desperate
I'll prolly die from one of these bats and blue badges
Body-slammed on black and white paint, my bones snappin'
Or maybe die from panic or die from bein' too lax
Or die from waitin' on it, die 'cause I'm movin' too fast
I'll prolly die tryna buy weed at the apartments
I'll prolly die tryna defuse two homies arguin'
I'll prolly die 'cause that's what you do when you're 17
All worries in a hurry, I wish I controlled things

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
If I could smoke fear away, I'd roll that mothafucka up
And then I'd take two puffs
(I've been hungry all my life)
I'm high now (Huh), I'm high now (Huh)
I'm high now (Huh), I'm high now (Huh)
Life's a bitch, pull them panties to the side now
(Pull them panties to the side now)
Now

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
When I was 27, I grew accustomed to more fear
Accumulated 10 times over throughout the years
My newfound life made all of me magnified
How many accolades do I need to block denial?
The shock value of my success put bolts in me
All this money, is God playin' a joke on me?
Is it for the moment, and will he see me as Job?
Take it from me and leave me worse than I was before?
At 27, my biggest fear was losin' it all
Scared to spend money, had me sleepin' from hall to hall
Scared to go back to Section 8 with my mama stressin'
30 shows a month and I still won't buy me no Lexus
What is an advisor? Somebody that's holdin' my checks
Just to fuck me over and put my finances in debt?
I read a case about Rihanna's accountant and wondered
How did the Bad Girl feel when she looked at them numbers?
The type of shit'll make me flip out and just kill somethin'
Drill somethin', get ill and fill ratchets with a lil' somethin'
I practiced runnin' from fear, guess I had some good luck
At 27 years old, my biggest fear was bein' judged
How they look at me reflect on myself, my family, my city
What they say 'bout me reveal if my reputation would miss me
What they see from me would trickle down generations in time
What they hear from me would make 'em highlight my simplest lines

[Verse 4: Kendrick Lamar]
I'm talkin' fear, fear of losin' creativity
I'm talkin' fear, fear of missin' out on you and me
I'm talkin' fear, fear of losin' loyalty from pride
'Cause my DNA won't let me involve in the light of God
I'm talkin' fear, fear that my humbleness is gone
I'm talkin' fear, fear that love ain't livin' here no more
I'm talkin' fear, fear that it's wickedness or weakness
Fear, whatever it is, both is distinctive
Fear, what happens on Earth stays on Earth
And I can't take these feelings with me, so hopefully they disperse
Within fourteen tracks, carried out over wax
Searchin' for resolutions until somebody get back
Fear, what happens on Earth stays on Earth
And I can't take these feelings with me, so hopefully they disperse
Within fourteen tracks, carried out over wax
Wonderin' if I'm livin' through fear or livin' through rap
Damn

[Bridge: Bēkon]
God damn you, God damn me
God damn us, God damn we
God damn us all

[Outro: Carl Duckworth]
Verse 2 says, "You only have I known of all the families of the Earth, therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities."
So until we come back to these commandments
Until you come back to these commandments
We gonna feel this way, we gonna be under this curse
Because He said He's gonna punish us
The so-called Blacks, Hispanics, and Native American Indians
Are the true children of Israel
We are the Israelites, according to the Bible
The children of Israel
He's gonna punish us for our iniquities, for our disobedience
Because we chose to follow other gods
That man chasten his son, so the Lord, thy God, chasten thee
So, just like you chasten your own son, He's gonna chastise you
Because He loves you, so that's why we get chastised
That's why we're in the position that we're in
Until we come back to these laws, statutes, and commandments
And do what the Lord says, these curses is gonna be upon us
We gonna be at a lower state in this life that we live
Here, in today, in the United States of America
I love you, family, and I pray for you
God bless you
Shalom



[Chorus]
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We 'bout to get this paper

[Verse 1]
Money never made me
Make me do something? Nah, can't make me
Even if the money low, can't pay me
Even if the money low, can't play me

[Chorus]
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We 'bout to get this paper

[Verse 2]
Pablo bought a Rolie and a rottweiler
Seem like the more fame, I only got wilder
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I be saying how I feel at the wrong time
Might not come when you want but I'm on time

[Chorus]
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We 'bout to get this paper

[Verse 3]
I can’t let these people play me
Name one genius that ain't crazy
Follow our father
You borrow our motto
I'm a Chicago south sider
I'm a Chicago south sider

[Chorus]
Ayy, ya heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on your boy, had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
It's time to get the paper

[Verse 4]
I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I know, I know, I shouldn’t even bother
With all these gossiping, no-pussy-getting bloggers
Fashion show in Gotham, I need another costume
PETA mad cause I made a jacket outta' possum
Awesome, Steve Jobs mixed with Steve Austin
Rich slave in the fabric store picking cotton
If Hov J then every Jordan need a Rodman
Man, Jay, they don't really want no problems
Driving in the same car that they killed Pac in
Driving in the same urrr that they killed Pac in
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, hands up, then the cops shot us

[Outro]
Hold on, hold on, hold on
Wait a second, everybody here, I'm the ghetto Oprah
You know what that mean? You get a fur! You get a fur!
You get a jet! You get a jet! Big booty bitch for you! Woo!

[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean, Plain Pat & Charlie Heat]



[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Who gonna be the reason why I get high?
Who gonna be the reason why I turn over?
Who gonna be the gunner that I don't trust?
Who gonna be the gunner that get they ass whooped?
Who gonna be the reason why I get high?
Who gonna be the reason why I turn over?
But who gonna be the gunner that I don't trust?
Who gonna be the gunner that get they ass whooped?

[Verse 1: Merlyn Wood]
And I got a bonus but I ain't seen it yet
I've got streaming money, I ain't seen it yet
I got a bitch that love me, I ain't seen her yet
I got a bitch that love me, I don't seem depressed
I can't adjust, I can't adjust, I can't adjust, I can't adjust
Say confidence, confidence will conquer
These motherfucker shake hands with these fuckers, instructors
Thank confidence, the confidence to conquer, conquer
I don't shake hands with no motherfuckin' cowards

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
I been smokin' nigga, fuck my drug test
Block get hotter, need a bulletproof vest
I been runnin' since I hit my first lick
Seen that chopper turn that dog to a bitch
The money is dirty, these niggas launderin' it
Stashin' the weed, we run from the lawmen again
And the sheriff is comin', he think he caught me again
But the barrel is barkin', he ain't walkin' again
And I ain't playin', I'm in the game like E and A
And runnin' thangs is in my veins and DNA
My flow is colder than eskimos and Himalayans
I speak in tongues but niggas know just what I'm sayin'
I'm thinkin' different like protozoas and atom splittin'
But niggas shootin' and runnin' out of they ammunition
I keep it movin' and only ride if my niggas with me
And we ain't scared, my niggas swang and hang with me

[Bridge: Matt Champion]
One body, two body, pressed in a room with nobody, body
Grab yo' engine like Bugatti, seen bubbles in Bali, Bali

[Verse 3: Matt Champion]
I was gettin' bald touchin' sands in the moonlight
You was gettin' old, each summer could move right
Lips slide to cheek, last time that I seen ya'
Rugged buck eye walkin' down by the beaches
Hardly acknowledge the fact that I love you
Practice voodoo on me, I can feel when you want it
In another dimension, you're a blip in the matrix
A hat trick, never seen a real life, realize I fantasize
Hips sway under each breath, realize I fantasize
Hips sway under each breath, realize I fantasize



[Verse 1: Saba]
Me and E-Guy just fought cause his family wouldn't stop talkin'
We neighbors who argued often, I run, I jog to him
Toss a jab and I caught him, he threw a left, ain't connect
Cause I ducked when I came back up, I seen his sister talkin' trash
Like, "Touch my brother, I'm beatin' yo' ass"
So I fucked her brother up to see what she about, yeah
Walked away and then we noticed that his teeth was out, yeah
She ain't do shit, she just mad we got to see her pout
So me and Cell, we just fought, I was walkin' and then he jawed me
I dropped to the floor while calling for help in front of my grandmother's house
The next hit, he punched me my mouth, I can't believe I'm on the ground
Cause I tried to hit him, I gambled, I'm ugly cryin' in public
I'm like, "When I get you back, you gon' wish that you never touched me"
Somehow I never could touch him, our brothers broke the shit up
And I walked the rest of the day with my head down
Funny how gettin' your ass beat'll spread 'round, yeah

[Chorus: Kaina & Saba]
But I don't wanna fight no more
Cause I'm not a fighter, I won't no more
But I don't wanna fight no more
Cause I'm not a fighter, I won't no more

[Verse 2: Saba]
So me and E-Guy, we scrap again, Jacob jumped in, I'm handicapped
Manny watched from across the street then he ran up and hopped on me
Three on one, they teamin' up but me, I never think to run
They circling around, got me surrounded like police or somethin'
So it's bad enough they already jumpin' me
Then I see Cell comin', I'm prayin', "Please don't fuck with me"
(Please leave me the fuck alone) It's not fair and I think he agrees
So instead of fighting with them, he came and teamed up with me
Me and Grandpa ain't talked since I stopped attendin' the college
He called me, said I'm a scholar, I should be gettin' my doctorate
Or, shit, at least in the army, instead you chose to hip-hopper
I know how this is gon' end 'cause I went through this with yo' father
Me and my girl just fought 'cause I talked before she could talk
She was tellin' a story, I cut her off with some shit not 'bout
The same topic so she just stopped in the middle before the plot hit
The rest of the car ride silent like "You always do this"
Like "You don't value my thoughts, either that or you too damn stupid
To realize that if you don't hear me out then I'ma feel muted
You say that you care, well show it, I'm not askin' a lot
I know you think you listenin' but you just waitin' to talk"
My fault

[Chorus: Kaina & Saba]
But I don't wanna fight no more
Cause I'm not a fighter, I won't no more
But I don't wanna fight no more
Cause I'm not a fighter, I won't no more

[Verse 3: Saba]
It's harder to love myself when all these people compliment me
Somehow it just remind me what I don't got
But these folks don't care to know
They think you rollin' in the dough
Not realizin' your next meal is a 4 for $4
Still feeling the guilt that Walt never thought to call
Fightin' myself to get out of bed
I'm fightin' myself to get out of bed
Fightin' myself

[Chorus: Kaina & Saba]
I don't wanna fight no more
Cause I'm not a fighter

[Outro: Saba]
Yeah, me and all my niggas dropped out
Then we drove to Texas, slept at Waffle House
Kicked out of the hotel, we all broke
We don't got no mattress, sleep on yo' floor
Me and grandpa ain't spoke since I dropped out
Made sure on my first tour, stop at his house
I sleep on the hotel, not your floor
He tell me that he proud of his boy
I'm not a janitor no more at Homan Square
Saved up for a round trip, LAX
I just learned it's no risk, no reward
I slept on the floor at Port Authority
Me and all my niggas dropped tears
Heart been on the floor for a whole year
We all broke (we all broke)
We all broke



Man, I feel like, I'll win a Grammy, y'know?
I had a, a dream, y'knahmean?
Right now I'm livin the first scene, y'know?
This gon' be a long thank you, umm
Thank you to, Left Brain, Hodgy Beats
Casey Veggies, Super 3, Matt Martians
Mom, I love you, I made it!
The whole family, shit umm
Devon, Shaun, R.C., Juan
Chris, Robert, Randy, Aaron
Jasmine, Jackson, Taj, Grand
Christina, Milan, Geo, Yan
Ice, Skyler, Daniel, Mookie
Mars, Urbie, Josh, Jason
Domo, Katano, Brandun Deshay
Uhhh...
Big ups to Sould Banana Crew
My whole Grind Time Family
Kicks Material, Ill Boss, Switch
Erykah Veggies, Casen Kreation
You know all the blogs that held me down
Big ups to all my niggas at the DIRTY~! man
Dirty! Big ups to HypeBeast, all my niggas on Hype Crew
Got mad love for Hype Track
Thomas Warlowe what's good?
Eric Koston, K.B, old T.K. I mean the crazy one
Lizard King, I I remember when I first saw Brandon Biebel
Umm, y'know shoutout to Harold Hunter
That nigga, he he influenced me so much
Darrell Stanton, Yeah Right! Fully Flared, Baker 3
Mystery, take that, Atmosphere, Ride the Sky, Lakai
Umm Supreme - whattup to my Diamond Fam?
FreshJive Rick I see you, BBC, Ice Cream
Ralph Lauren Peg Leg S, everybody at Media Arts
The best magazine in the world other than Odd Future
Mass Appeal, XXL, Thrasher
What's up to WingStop? The 212 bus
"In Search Of...", "Fly or Die", "Chronic 2001"
"The Love Below", "Wanderland", "Voodoo", "Pleasures U Like"
"Blueprint 2", "Lord Willin'", "Marshall Mathers LP"
"Baduizm", "Devil's Night", "Love Deluxe", "Diamond Life"
"Chemical Chords", "Urban Hang Suite", "Chrome Children"
"Customized Greatly", "Welcome", "Love Angel"
"A Funk Oddyssey", "Flood", "You Think You Really Know Me"
"Get Rich or Die Tryin'", "God's Son", "Gorillaz"
"Kid A", "The Hollywood Recordings", "In My Mind", "Justified"
"Juslisen", "Shades of Blue", "Mama's Gun", "Midnight Marauders,"
Uhh "Clones", "Off the Wall", "Rhythm & Gangsta", "Volume 1"
"Pronounced Jah-Nay", "Who's Jill Scott?", "Evolution Of", "Special Herbs"
"Tropea Blue", "Under the Cherry Moon", "We Got it 4 Cheap"
"Back to Black", "Word of Mouf", "The Documentary"
It's just so many to name man, umm
Adult Swim, uhh Fresh Prince, Magic School Bus, Reading Rainbow
90's Nick, Dave Chappelle, Chris Rock, Eddie Murphy, Will Smith
Terry Richardson, Square Pixel, Teena Tyrell
Krink, Hitler, Mussolini, Stalin, M'butu, Nixon, Reagan
Clinton, Obama, Mark Ryden, Rick Rotney, Tetris - what Sonic!
Grand Theft Auto, Mario, Salvador Dali
All the porn in the world
Belly, E.T., Dr. Seuss
And last but not least, you...



[Musical Intro]

[Verse 1: Syd & Tyler, The Creator]
Find your wings (Supposed to fly)
Find your wings (Find your wings)
Hey you, whatcha doin' and why you runnin'?
Supposed to fly and take control cause you're the pilot
You can't swim, you're gonna drown, the sharks are comin'
The sky's your home, there's no limit, you know you gotta
Find your wings (Fly)
Find your wings (Find your wings)
(My lil nigga, the world is yours, birdy)

[Verse 2: Kali Uchis]
We can go down to the rainbows
Don't let your high keep your brain low
You're a bird
You're supposed to fly away
The way you stand there
Don't let your wings go to waste (Go to waste)
The sky is your home, be free
Be free



Part 1 - Fish

[Verse 1]
Slip it in her drink, and in the blink of an eye
I can make a white girl look chink
Don't know what to think, 'cause last time I attempted this shit
The judge ordered me to see a shrink
Started with the link
Contended her to meet me at the local
Odd Future Wolf Gang skating rink
We was uniquely in sync
Already fucking and we only met last week
We were both young, not yet antique
So her mindset was working for my technique
Tell her that I love her and by next week
You can hear her shriek from the gashes in her cheeks
No, I'm not a freak, I am meekly a creep
The neighbors by the creek says my house stinks
And it reeks on the sheet, girl
Streaks of red, even though all pussy is pink
Oblivion makes obvious seeks
Which make meats for my obvious feasts
Used to just blot up thoughts, plot, and rethink
Now I get daughters and tie 'em and clink
Got my dick harder than iron and zinc
Now they just rot up, arms caught in the sink
Where they get cut up to fit my physique
Critique my chic in this brand new mink
Go

[Bridge]
Yeah, Wolf Gang
Wolf Haley
All good?
Cool.  We cool?

[Verse 2]
Bitches running 'round, down pussy take a trip
Make her strip, got my dick harder than the unzip
Tyler swiftly slips his dick inside of Taylor Swift's slit
Round trip in that pussy, here comes a ticket
Film clips popping on that Canon
Busting Ottoman cannons, on the pill
Is he real? Gaza stripping in my living room
Wolf Gang full moon, I'm assuming mushrooms
I'm a necrolampoon, not of Charles Mansoon
This fuck is ending soon because I'm ejaculating

[Bridge: Frank Ocean]
(Frankie, Frankie)
Now I'd like to take this time of day
To thank the Mother Earth
(Thank you Momma, thank you Momma)
Letting the sun shine down on the lake
While I fish your waters
Ooh, hide your daughters, hide your sisters
Hell, hide grandmama too (Grand, yeah)
'Cause the fisherman's raping everybody in the pool
He on the loose, yeah

[Outro]
Got to wash it down, all this gold is fucking bait
Wait 'til you see the semen swimming
Baby, please not half, the whole is great
Morals? Your body's near that coral reef
It was once upon a time you came home with me
Then the next chapter left you in my teeth
Fill your gills with goo
Going deeper than Pacific Ocean
This specific motion
Makes this hammerhead puke
Got to wear a wetsuit, can’t get seasick
I love when you're in fishnets, you want me to eat you
You’re fucking wet, fish

Part 2 - Boppin' Bitch

[Chorus]
So I met this girl at the club
And I just wanted her to suck my dick
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)
Now she's drunk and talkin' to me a lot
Until we go to another room
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)

[Verse 1]
This little slut whore sucks cock for a little more bucks
Than them other sluts fuck for, real easy
Cause I didn't even knock on the front door, sleazy
I used the welcome mat as a cum rag
And all the Wolves fucked too, yeah she’s a cum bag
Filled with a bunch of shit I purchased at a drug store
Four more Dora-looking sluts let me explore
Until my cock got sore and started growing cold sores

[Chorus]
Now she thinks that I like her
But all I really wanted was that mouth
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)
Now she text messages me every day
And I don't ever hit that bitch back
And that's because (She's a boppin' bitch)

[Verse 2]
This little hoodrat started jockin at my jock strap
Until my uncircumcised penis finally unwrapped
Flapping up and down until the cack finally go splat
Now you gotta spat, spit it out until you do scat
Then you gotta sat and shit it out, bitch, fuck your feelings
You wasn’t feeling shit when you was down there kneeling
Now shut the fuck up you got another dick to deal with

[Interlude]
Now why can't we fuck with this bitch? (She's boppin')
Wait, tell him why we can’t fuck with this bitch? (That bitch she boppin')
What is she? She a BB, what does that stand for? (She boppin')
She, what do she be doin'? (She boppin')

[Chorus]
Now I'm at a fuckin' clinic
Cause my dick is swollen' and keeps itchin'
Nigga, I'mma kill this bitch (She's a boppin' bitch)

[Outro]
Where's my gun? I'mma kill this bitch
To all my niggas out there listening, that bitch (She's boppin')
And don't let her suck your dick or you'll get hurt



Let’s go, let’s go, let’s

[Verse 1]
She don't believe in shooting stars
But she believe in shoes and cars
Wood floors in the new apartment
Couture from the store's department
You more like "love to start shit"
I'm more of the trips to Florida
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water
Straight from a page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy
Man, why can't life always be this easy?
She in the mirror dancing so sleazy
I get a call like, "Where are you Yeezy?"
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte
'til I got flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these niggas got me
I hate these niggas more than a Nazi

[Hook]
As I recall I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
What do I know? (Flashing lights)

[Verse 2]
I know it's been a while sweetheart
We hardly talk, I was doing my thang
I know it was foul, baby
Aye babe, lately, you've been all on my brain
And if somebody woulda told me a month ago
Fronting though: yo, I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody woulda told me a year ago
It'll go get this difficult
Feeling like Katrina with no F.E.M.A
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no visa
First class with the seat back, I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum
I'm just saying, hey Mona Lisa come home
You know you can't roam without Caesar

[Hook x2]

You know, I’m ‘sposed to talk about what some of these songs mean
And some of the stuff is so personal to me
And some of the things I’ve been through is so real
In the form that I’m ‘sposed to break down certain things
And this is one of the first times, because I feel like I’m placed in front of the audience right now
And uhm, certain things are just hard for me to talk about
And I’m sorry VH1 for that
But it uhm, certain things are too serious

And I stand before you, just a human being trying to improve under the microscope
Just the star of the Truman show
As every day I take as calculated
Every time I put on my shoes
Under the flashing lights

Just got an email today
A new book coming out
Doctor Adams: the Truth about Donda West
What the media doesn’t want you to know

And you know, now that my momma passed
Would she really want me to put myself in a situation where I go to jail?
FOR KILLING ‘EM

Under the flashing lights
And the public perception
Where I feel like I’m always in defense of myself
And I realize that I’ve made some mistakes, but I grow from them
It’s like I’m fighting to be me, but I have to leave the fight
‘Cause it helps everyone else be who they wanna be

That’s a story for your ass…



[Chorus: Merlyn Wood]
Flip, flip mo nigga
Flip, flip phone
Flip, flip mo nigga
Flip, flip phone

[Verse 1: Merlyn Wood]
I just dropped out, I got my liberty
Acting like hot celebrity, actually I'm a rapper
Please, you a drop out?
No food in your mouth now
No weed in your mouth now
And no you in your mom's house
(That don't sound so bad now)
'Cause you ain't got no bed now
And all them niggas you banked on
Is backing out like a ringtone, that's pop, lock and drop it
So I had to take that, pot and ziploc it

[Chorus: Merlyn Wood]
Flip, flip mo nigga
Flip, flip phone
Flip, flip mo nigga
Flip, flip phone

[Verse 2: Dom McLennon]
I'm smoking blunts with Barack
Money inside of a sock
Stage diver holding my cock
You busy holding the block
And I've been refining my vision
You make the decision
We flexing in public, you love it
It's bullshit around me
I'm living above it
We too busy getting these buckets, nigga
Higher than the summit for the nuggets, nigga
Work on the canvas like Samo
I'm off the chain like I'm Django
Never been one for the labels
What do you bring to the table?
Nigga, stop speaking in fables
I'm a young misfit looking for the quick flip
Left hook take you out of this district
Watch a nigga's soul leave his existence
Hit a lick then I hop on my nimbus
Vicious

[Outro: Merlyn Wood]
Flip, flip mo nigga



[Intro: Kanye West]
I've been waiting for a minute
Pour out, ayy
For my lady, and I

[Hook: The Weeknd]
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me

[Verse: Kanye West]
See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Had more than another episode
Last time I was down in Mexico
Asking me why the hell I text in code
Four times that you say don't text me hoe
Told you four times, don't test me, hoe
Now we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in a Giuseppe store
But I'mma have the last laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
Yeah, I'mma have to laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
And I...

[Pre-Hook: Travis Scott]
Wish I would let a hater fuck my life up
Can't let 'em get to me
Sunday night, I just might have to pipe up
You gon' have to get used to me

[Hook: The Weeknd]
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me

[Outro: Section 25 & Kanye West]
See through the veil
And forget all of your cares
Throw them
Throw them away
Don't stop your loving
Don't stop for nothing
No, not for nothing
They don't wanna see me love you
Nah, don't stop it
They always love it
They always wanna
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
See through the veil
And forget all your cares
Throw them
Throw them away
Oh, life's a feeling, yeah
Oh, the body's a feeling, yeah
The future is uncertain
For us all, just stop
Why make things worse?
Why make things worse?



[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I been waiting for a minute
For my lady
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes
I been living without limits
As far as my business
I'm the only one that's in control
I been feeling all I've given
For my children
I will die for those I love
God, I'm willing
To make this my mission
Give up the women
Before I lose half of what I own
I been thinking
About my vision
Pour out my feelings
Revealing the layers to my soul
My soul
The layers to my soul
Revealing the layers to my soul

[Chorus: The Weeknd]
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Remember that last time in Mexico?
Remember that last time, the episode?
Asking me why the hell I text in code?
Four times just to say, "Don't text me, ho"
Told you four times, "Don't test me, ho"
And we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
But I'ma have the last laugh in the end
'Cause I'm from a tribe called check a ho
Yeah, I'ma have to laugh Indian
'Cause I'm from a tribe called check a ho
And I...

[Chorus: The Weeknd]
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me

[Outro: Kanye West & Section 25]
See through the veil
And forget all of your cares
Throw them
Throw them away
Don't stop your loving
Don't stop for nothing
No, not for nothing
They don't wanna see me love you
Don't now, don't stop it
They always love it
They always wanna
They don't wanna see me love you
See through the veil
They don't wanna see me love you
And forget all your cares
They don't wanna see me love you
Throw them
Throw them away
Ooh, life's a feeling and
Ooh, the body is a feeling



[Video Intro: Romil Hemnani, Nick Lenzini, Zack Beitel & Robert Ontenient]
...and now you in Hollywood, baby
I know, isn't that crazy?
I saw Will Ferrell last night
Where? (where?)
And Woody Harrelson (where?)
Just in a restaurant, (what?)
I was walking down the street on La Brea
Will Ferrell and Woody Harrelson are—
They looked old. He had a shaved head
Well, yeah, he looks old. What movie was he in?
I forget
Me Ilamo Roberto, y este es el primer single de
SATURACIÓN tres

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
I'm an old soul, tell by my tracfone
Check my credit score, shit was lookin' hella low
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
I'm an old soul, tell by my tracfone
Check my credit score, shit was lookin' hella low
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow

[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
Nineteen, I got my first boyfriend
Nineteen, I almost signed to Def Jam
I remember being younger watching Space Jam
Told my mama that I wanna be the bald man
Got older, goals changed, needed God's plan
Got older, got a chain, nigga, god-damn
Shit is gold and it hurt me when I walk man
And I ain't got it but I just got my advance
So I might cop it, yeah, nigga that's my energy
I might tell these niggas that they ain't no friends to me
'Cause I'm tired of these niggas sucking clout up
Like a motherfuckin' 'squito in the trough, bruh

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
I'm an old soul, tell by my tracfone
Check my credit score, shit was lookin' hella low
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
I'm an old soul, tell by my tracfone
Check my credit score, shit was lookin' hella low
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
I got dirty money, minutes on my tracfone
I just bought a scale, now e'rywhere a traphouse
I got on TV, then I turned into an asshole
'Cause I ain't selling dope or running with them bad folk
I'm eating shrimp and lobster, sitting next to white folk
Now I'm in Trader Joes with Birkenstock and iPhone
My agent called said they want me in the movies now
They used to call me ugly, turned 'em into groupies now
Now I'm on Melrose, I'm ready for my closeup
They call me pretty, need to put me on the poster
I write my name, then I buy a Testarossa
I kill my haters then I leave 'em for the vultures

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
I'm an old soul, tell by my tracfone
Check my credit score, shit was lookin' hella low
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
I'm an old soul, tell by my tracfone
Check my credit score, shit was lookin' hella low
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow

[Verse 3: Matt Champion]
God-damn, man, I think I need a therapist
Feel like a goldfish in the bowl with
Twenty other goldfish with the bowl switched
Bowl-cut or the mullet 'til I shaved it
Barely made it but I'm still here on my kickstand
Did the same shit that duffed Whitney Houston
They was boostin' while I'm slurping from my sippy cup (sippy cup)
Need blue jeans, pulling out the pocket fluff (the pocket fluff)
Talking to myself like I am my best friend (hello, hello, hello)
When I walk, see the arrogance flushing (hello, hello, hello)
Make the front page like Paris in the sex tape (oh)
Barely late to my first date with my therapist

[Verse 4: Joba]
Brrr! Call me, I'll be running in my, Asics
Gold plated belt buckle 'round my, sweat'ns
Tube socks, white tee, Polo underpants
I will never grow old, call me Peter Pan
Dial *67, when they need to listen
I move just like a phantom, I should have been a teacher
Handing out these lessons, my pupils ask no questions
They like to think they're special, I feed them graham crackers
Got my Timex in the mail, keep it in the case
They tapping lines every day, I cannot be traced
I don't believe in credit, my people call me different
I evade, then get paid, brr! Just a second

[Verse 5: Merlyn Wood]
Trusty press, wear the colors of the ocean
Skeetin' sad in my Supreme clothing
Hit my line if you ever need an OZ
Don't hit my line if you think you know the old me
Have gassed-ass plans in the e-class
And I'm still getting head on public transit
And I'm still really sad about my last chick
And I'm still 'bout to cry outta both heads

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
I'm an old soul, tell by my tracfone
Check my credit score, shit was lookin' hella low
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
I'm an old soul, tell by my tracfone
Check my credit score, shit was lookin' hella low
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow
Anywhere I go, boys wanna follow



[Verse 1]
Alright, Gambino is a mastermind, fuck a bitch to pass the time
Mass appeal, orange rind, smoke your green, I'm spendin' mine
The beat is witches brew, but beware, this shit is potent
E.E. cummin' on her face, now that's poetry in motion
Yeah, Gambino make it work, I'm the boss, move somethin'
Yeah, this cool fuckin' suits me, swag two button
Yeah, these girls be actin' crazy when they're dancin': Black Swan
I ain't fuckin' at the club, put your clothes back on
Yeah, this beat is a disaster, 9/11 this track
Rappers wanna battle me, I have to mail their heads back
And my clique make that dinero, so it's time to meet the fuckers
I am runnin' this bitch, you are just a dog walker
Leavin' with your girl when we last seen each other
Yeah, you fuckin' with the baddest like we tag team Rihanna
Fly girl on her knees, she don't wanna come near me
Yeah, my dick is too big, there's a big bang theory
Got her picture in my iPhone, what do y'all think?
While y'all niggas masturbate, I'm in that Ariel Pink
If I am just a rapper, man, you could've fooled me
I'm the shit, when these dudes talk, they talkin' bull me, ah

[Interlude]
Yeah, rah, rah, okay

[Verse 2]
Alright, I'm down with the black girls of every single culture
Filipino, Armenian girls on my sofa
Yeah, I like a white girl, sometimes we get together
Need a thick chick though
So it's black and yellow, black and yellow
Love is a trip, but fuckin' is a sport
Are there Asian girls here? Minority report
Put your team on the map, Blake Griffin on the court
Niggas bitin' off my tracks, need a knife and a fork
We the illest, need a nurse, here's the check, grab your purse
Unless we fuckin', then I'll pay for all the food on the Earth, man
I got some pussy that was insane
So insane, it's an enemy of Batman
I'm dominant, niggas call me faggot 'cause they closeted
I'm hot as shit, comin' out the backside of a rocket ship
It's monster shit, you dudes are the opposite of Loch Nesses
Respond to this, we can squash the beef right now like sausages
Chillin' with my n-words, say it like a white kid
Yes, your booty's big as hers, say that to my white bitch
So she don't get embarrassed, my dick is made of carrots
Bunnies wantin' to be fed it, I meant honeys, oh, forget it
I have worked all winter, I will not fail summer
In the back of a bush, like Gavin Rossdale's drummer
Yeah, my stinger's in her flower, I hope she let me pollinate
Workin' hard as shit, yeah, this beat is made from concentrate
Nigga, can't you tell that my sample of Adele
Was so hot, I got these hood niggas blowin' up my cell?
Swag out the ass, I'm the man, fuck chico
Took the G out your waffle, all you got left is your ego
Think about it for a second
Man, we eatin', where's your breakfast?
Man, you hungry, have this sandwich
Got my wallet, cheese, and lettuce
An elephant never forgets, so my dick remembers everything
Green inside your wallet is that pussy open sesame
Runnin' the game, fuck am I sayin'?
Runnin' the Earth, give me a month
Told all you niggas I'm in it to win it
'Cause havin' an Emmy just wasn't enough
You get sloppy drunk, I stay whiskey neat
My clique should be cancelled: Freaks and Geeks



[Verse 1]
The only girl I ever loved
Fucked some nigga that I really hate
And the funny part about it that we didn't even date
But at the end she could still say she got her pussy ate
Yummy her in her tummy, pour out cause
Cummy in her bummy means that a little me being coming
So I let her blow my flute and start humming, bitch's brewin'
But that wasn't bubble gum that she was chewin'
Our relationship was like my music, chopped up, screwed up
Made her sick threw up, I gave her everything that wasn't enough
So I put two up, I'm hot, she cool, I call it a blue crush
We fucked, no kiss, that's it, fuck love
Snort drugs, make songs, go skate, daily life
Sarah or Dorothy, which one to make my wife
Or maybe I'll just marry both of them bitches, maybe twice

[Hook]
I was in love, but fuck it

[Outro]
Dorothy, my everything
She was my everything
Sarah, I love you

O.F.M. bangin' in your muthafuckin' FM, Tyler the Creator



[Tyler, The Creator]
Ignorant, Atheist, sound like a fucking monster
Tall, skinny, lanky, buck it, fuck it badass posture
Cops are angering the hell
Where they discounted mounted
With the devil, he was formal and some Polo and some Dockers
Dancing with him playing vengeance Cindi Lauper with some Crips
In all red like they playin' Red Lobster
My bitch is white Italian to be exact
Mobster is her father and he'll kill me
When he finds out I'm reading her Harry Potter
FUCK HIM!, Im a Demon fill your daughter up with semen
With Supreme embroidered logos, making fun of homos cause its funny
Tommy rugby hilfiger screaming nigga with the klux
I'm a fuckin' Nazi with a condom, barely give a fuck
Odd Future Wolf Gang, Fuck Lame, 91'
We hockey fuckin' awesome, hit you with the Wolf Gang puck
Puck, trucks thunder now shes in the trunk wondering why shes about to get raped and chopped up, lumber
He said, write a sixteen, well she was seventeen
And I'm only eighteen and that's statutory rape
And if you fuckin' snitch on me I guess i'll make the great escape
To have a date with your dead body and I cannot be late
Might do a Ted Bundy, I can consider ya'll some haughtys
If they find me at my home, guess I gotta fuckin roam
All alone ,in the streets, gotta hustle drugs for food
Gotta sell beats for clothes if I really wanna eat
Fuck you, O.F.M. Bangin' on your mothafuckin' FM
Fuck Tammy



[Verse 1]
Looking through my window
Houston, we have a fucking problem nigga 10-4
Testing, testing, playing with my testes
Waiting for the day that Sarah Palin can molest me
She from Alaska, I roll down south
Pull my penguin out and put that global warming in her mouth
You should see her lips, Seen them, Saw them
Don’t call me a motherfucker, Id rather fuck her daughter
Nigga in the 70’s like he’s President Carter
His skin is fucking drying up, nigga give him some water
Old Fragile Nigga with a glass nose, tickets and a Mexican back
He gon' be mad when he sees that his grass grows
In his home, By the gnome, in his home, next to the water hoes
Around the corner from the enchiladas and the tacos
And Im not saying a niggas a racist, but he sucking hitler dick, nazi cum, facism
Run Shit
Face it
Nigga you can taste it
Nauze it, Faz it, Ash it
Face it, Face it

[Verse 2]
Obama this, here comes the rude ramping
The need to put his motherFucking face on a food stamp
Makin sims, now the government is wearing tim’s
Bidens in a fucking continental on rims and
This theory squad, they need to make it bigger cause
Cause everyone in the world is voting for the nigga
And im not crazy
Obama and I is for the ladies
Pro abortion death to all babies
Biden is the father
Obama did it big, cause if MCcain wins Im not claiming none of them fucking kids
Just saying
Abuse what I am saying
And im the only that noticed MCcain has aids
Draw em to the hospital, Gas for a gallon
Im mad, he’s fucking sarah pailin more than I do

[Verse 3]
The propped 8 couldn’t even miss
Shut the fuck up and just let them faggots kiss
White man, black man now its just a waste war
Cause when Obama dies Im heading straight to the bape store

They talk about him, ya’ll get an erection
He’s black so I gotta show him some type of affection?
White, hate and rap, you better use protection
And I quote this “MotherFuck this election”

And I don’t wanna seem wrong
But if he lose
They gonna break the window that Im looking through at the beginning of the song



[Intro: Pimp C]
"A little over a year ago I was in bondage. And now I'm back out here, reaping the blessings, and getting the benefits that go along with it. Everything that's out here for kings like us. The reason why we like this—this jewelry and this diamonds and stuff—they don't understand, it's because we really from Africa. And that's where all this stuff come from. And we originated from kings, you know what I'm saying? So don't look down on the youngsters because they wanna have shiny things. It's in our genes, know what I'm saying? We just don't all know our history, so…"

[Hook: Rick Ross]
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it

[Verse 1: Rick Ross]
I just landed in Europe, nigga
Shoppin' bags, I'm a tourist, nigga
Money talk, I speak fluent, nigga
Reeboks on, I just do it, nigga
Look at me, I'm pure, nigga
I bet the hoes on my tour, nigga
I don't bop, I do the money dance
My bitch whip cost a hundred grand
Red vert, you see me slide
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Sexy bitch, I know she 'bout it
Fuck with me, you know I got it

[Hook: Rick Ross]
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
Hov just landed in Rome, nigga
All hail, Caesar's home, niggas
Cent'anni, ciao bella
Come money dance with the good fellas
Hov keep gettin' that dinero, got it
Even if a nigga gotta rob it, get it?
Black Jack in a casino
A nigga got unlimited credit
A nigga got a lot of vendettas
But we the Black mob, we gonna set it
Peel off in a Lamborghini Countach
200 in the dash, we gonna rev it (skirt)
Lucky Luciano is what they call me, paesano
A 100 keys at the piano
Plays across the Verrazano
El Padrino, in the villa in Venice, sippin' vino
Not bad for a mulignan
Y'all know like we know, I got it

[Hook: Jay Z]
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Bad bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Bad bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Bad bitch, I know she 'bout it

[Outro: Rick Ross]
I'm ridin' big, comin' down that beach
Geechi niggas with satin sheets
Bad bitch, she a masterpiece
Got a bad bitch, she a master; peace



[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G. & P. Diddy]
Uh, I like that, you like that?
Here's another one, and another one
And another one, and another one
Uh
Whaat, whaat (c'mon)

[Chorus: R Kelly & The Notorious B.I.G.]
You must be used to me spending (uh, uh)
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Uh, here's another one
And another one
Uh, uh, what

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Some say the X, make the sex spec-tacular
Make me lick you from yo' neck to your back, then ya
Shivering, tongue delivering
Chills up that spine, that ass is mine
Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight
If it's all right with you, we fucking (that's cool)
Deja vu, the blunts sparked, finger fucking in the park
Pissy off Bacardi Dark
Remember when I used to play between your legs?
You begged for me to stop because you know where it would head
Straight to your mother's bed
Not the Marriott, we be lucky if we find a spot
Next to your sister, damn I really missed the
Way she used to rub my back, when I hit that
Way she used to giggle when your ass would wiggle
Now I know you're used to suites at the Parker Meridien
Trips to the Caribbean, but tonight, no ends

[Chorus: R Kelly & The Notorious B.I.G.]
You must be (uh) used to me spending
You must be used to me (uh)
And all that sweet wining and dining (what)
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Here's another one (fucking you tonight)
And another one (no doubt baby)
And another one (fucking you)
What! What!
You must be used to me spending
You must be! (uh, uh)
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Here's another one (fucking you)
And another one (no doubt about it babe, fucking you)
Uh, uh

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Girl you look fine
Like a wide face Rolex, you just shine
I like that waistline
Let me hit that from behind, which wall you wanna climb
My style genuine, girl I love you long time
I got you pinned up, with your fucking limbs up
All because you like the way my Benz was rimmed up
Bitch keep yo' chin up, please watch me do thee
Nasty, like it when you make it move fast mami
I like it when you tro' it pon me
No love making, strictly back breaking
Cease know, all his hoes, go to my door
Then they go to his flo', to fuck some more
So no, caviar, Shark Bar, uh-uh
Strictly sex that's sweaty and leftover spaghetti
I know you used to slow CD's and Dom P's
But tonight it's eight tracks and six-packs while I hit that

[Chorus: R. Kelly & P. Diddy]
You must be used to me spending
(You must be, used to me)
And all that sweet wining and dining (spending all his money baby, on you)
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Can you feel me?, 'cause I can feel you
Can you feel me?, 'cause I can feel you
You must be used to me spending
You must be used to me
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
(fucking you tonight)
Can you feel me? (make ya feel so right),'cause I can feel you (baby come to me)
Can you feel me (give me what I need), R. Kelly take me to the bridge

[Bridge: R. Kelly]
Let's stop the bullshit, baby
Let me take you to the spot, fit you hot
So you wanna be with me (say what), Puff Daddy (that's right)
B.I.G. (let's go), bring that ass to me

[Chorus: R. Kelly & P. Diddy]
You must be used to me spending
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
(Said I'm fucking you tonight)
Can you feel me? (fucking you tonight) 'cause I can feel you (stroking you tonight)
Can you feel me?, 'cause I can feel you
You must be used to me spending
(You must be used to me spending)
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Fucking you baby, I'm fucking you baby
(You must be!!) You must be used to me spending
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight (I'm doing it baby, I'm doing it baby, I'm doing it baby ah yeahowow)
You must be used to me spending
(you must be babe, used to me)
And all that sweet wining and dining (spending money all of the time, on you)
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
No matter what you may say, babe
Giving it to you, any way I possibly can
You must be used to me spendin'
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight, oohhh baby, sugar, honey



[Intro: DJ Premier]
Big L, rest in peace!
Do you wanna mess with this
I'm one of the best yet
We got it
You can feel the realness
In this business of rap
Go ahead

[Verse 1: Guru]
Fresh out the gate again, time to raise the stakes again
Fatten my plate again, y'all cats know we always play to win
G-A-N-G to the Starr, son
Haters took this shit too far, son
So that's all for you, I'm wipin' out your whole team
I'll splatter your dreams with lyrics to shatter your schemes
The badder you seem, the more lies you tell
The more lies you sell, and by surprise, you fell
Into my deathtrap, right into my clutches
Stupid, you know the God must bless
Every single mic he touches
I've suffered, just so I could return harder
Wanna be the shit starter, fuck around, make you a martyr
I make you famous, turn around, then make you nameless
‘Cause you never understood how vital to me this rap game is
Save it and hold that, you catch a hot one
Rhymes chase a fake nigga down soon as I spot one

[Chorus: DJ Premier]
Full clip, do you wanna mess with this?
Gang Starr, I'm one of the best yet
I'm nice like that
It's all good in this business of rep
Full clip, do you wanna mess with this?
Gang Starr, I'm one of the best yet
I'm nice like that
It's all good, so I suggest you take a rest

[Verse 2: Guru]
So if you stand in my way, I'ma have to spray
Learn that if you come against me, son, you're gonna have to pray
Since back in the day I held the weight and kept my head up
They wanna see the god catch an L, it's all a set-up
I give no man or thing power over me
Why these niggas so jealous and looking sour over me?
I'm bolder, G, I'm like impossible to stop
I'm like that nigga in the ring with you impossible to drop
I'm like two magazines fully-loaded to your one
Plus, I ain't gonna quit spittin' 'til you're done
Plus, more than ever I got my whole shit together
More than a decade of hits that'll live forever
Catchin' rep off my name, you're bound to fry
Know how many niggas that I know is down to die?
We never fail, and we ain't never been frail
You niggas talk crime, but you scared of jail

[Chorus: DJ Premier]
Full clip, do you wanna mess with this?
Gang Starr, I'm one of the best yet
I'm nice like that
It's all good in this business of rep
Full clip, do you wanna mess with this?
Gang Starr, I'm one of the best yet
I'm nice like that
It's all good
So I suggest you take a rest

[Verse 3: Guru]
Attackin' like a slick Apache, lyrics are trigger-happy
Blowing back your wig piece
Just for the way you're looking at me
Cock back, blaow, I hit you up right now
I don't know why so many of y'all wanna be thugs anyhow
Face the consequence of your childish nonsense
I could make your head explode just by my lyrical content
Get you in my scope and metaphorically snipe ya
I never liked ya, I gas that ass and then ignite ya
The flamethrower, make your peeps afraid to know ya
How many times I told ya? Play your position, small soldier!
My heart is colder, makes me wanna resort to violence
Stop beating me in the head, son, nah, I'm not buyin' it
I'm ready to blast, ready to surpass and harass
I'm ready to flip, yeah, I'm ready to dip with all the cash
I hold my chrome steady with a tight grip
So watch your dome already, 'cause this one might hit

[Chorus: DJ Premier]
Full clip, do you wanna mess with this?
Gang Starr, I'm one of the best yet
I'm nice like that
It's all good in this business of rap
Full clip, do you wanna mess with this?
Gang Starr, I'm one of the best yet (The-the-the best yet)
I'm nice like that
It's all good, so I suggest you take a rest
F-f-f-full clip, f-f-f-full clip



[Hook]
Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, fuck that bitch
Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, whoop that trick
Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, fuck that bitch
Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, whoop that trick

[Verse 1]
I dont give a fuck I dont give a shit
I'll get a bitch to suck my elbow
I got a sweater and its blue
I ain't got one I got three
I ain't no gang member I ain't no cuz
But I'm wearing all red cause im a yellow
Person and only im screamin'
I don't bust nuts I fill your girls mouth with white stuff

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I got friends that sell drugs
Guess where we at, we at the social hall
With them bitches hitting them swishas
Give me them lips and we giving them hugs
You already know we be all gang banging
Already know that we got drugs going to the store
Probably buying some pancake mix
I dont even go to the store

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Yeah, what you know about wearing a sweater
That don't match what my shoes like homie
I don't play that shit I got a gun
Homie don't walk you better skip
Fuck that trick, fuck that ho
I make money, I make cheddar
You know who I am, you know where I be
You know plus 1 plus 2 is 4
All up in the club, now I'm at the door
You don't got enough so I guess you want more
Ho I eat chocolate and marshmallows
So that's a smore

[Hook]



[Chorus: Estelle]
Don't kill a rose
Before it could bloom
Fly, baby, fly
Out the cocoon

[Verse 1: Tyler, the Creator]
You don't have to hide
I can smell it in your eyes
That there's something more to say, baby
Them words
Damn, run me back, yeah

[Bridge: Estelle & Tyler, the Creator]
If I could, if I could
If you could
Find the words to say
Find the words to say
Find the words
In the garden
Shed
Go

[Chorus: Estelle]
Don't kill a rose
Before it could bloom
Fly, baby, fly
Out the cocoon

[Verse 2: Tyler, the Creator]
Ayo
Garden shed, garden shed, garden shed, garden shed
For the garden
That is where I was hidin'
That was real love I was in
Ain't no reason to pretend
Garden shed, garden shed, garden shed
Garden shed for the garçons
Them feelings that I was guardin'
Heavy on my mind
All my friends lost
They couldn't read the signs
I didn't wanna talk and tell 'em my location
And they ain't wanna walk
Truth is, since a youth kid, thought it was a phase
Thought it'd be like the phrase; "poof," gone
But, it's still goin' on
Big fan of the beige tan
Polka dot nose, how it goes
Had to keep it on the subwoofer
A couple butterflies wanna float
But I was always like, "Eh"
Barely interested, but bagged just to brag to my boys like, "Bruh"
This is a crucial subject matter
Sensitive like cookin' batter
'Til the temperature that's risin'
Steppin' on that ladder, tryna
Grab the rings of Saturn, I'ma
Planet by the time you hear this
Shit and chatter 'bout the heat
It will not fuckin' matter



[Verse 1: MF DOOM]
By the way, I re-up on bad dreams, bag up screams in fiftys
Be up on mad schemes that heat shop like jiffy-pop(pop)
In a instant get smoked like Winston Cigarettes
Ho's get ripped off like Nicorette patch
In real life the real trife scene
Might snatch ya life like assault machine
Rifle, dead up setup like bull-fight
Be blunted how we like couldn't white or in full flight
The unemotional call me anti-social
On the run off the gun death tally commercial
Death valley is like rehearsal to the streets
To my peeps G.M MF on the beat
Rhymes is chosen like the weapons of war
So keep from steppin on my floor or delivery front door
I bring it to ya'll motherfuckers master yours
My disaster cause: Hell.. in gas drawls
The supervillain cooler than a million, I be chillins
Still quick to slice squares like Sicilians
Dont make me have to hurt them feelings
I'll ruin you in the dirt that I be doin in my dealings (WHILE I’M)
Sendin spirits through the ceilin', chrome peelin'
Dome blown within the comforts of your own home
Grown big wheelin' and high rollin'
I hold the lye, it keeps the sty on my eye swollen'
Holdin, foldin the pal
Known as massive-versatile
I’d like to big-em-up monster isle

[Break: MF DOOM]
Uummm, Yeah
I saw you in Hell with them gas drawls
Mhm

[Verse 2: MF DOOM]
To my brother Subroc and Black Ju
I crack brew for, two more, three men, two up
I hit the brew up like nobody knows how X the unseen feels
When giving crews a brush with death like between meals
Two times a day with brothers that's tight like a noose
With more rhymes in use than Dr. Seuss or motherfuckin' mother goose
X the suspicious flirter
Who every hooker hearda', next to malicious murda'
A track type vicious fulfillin the pipe wishes
The misses may be legal minus the baby eagle
Any given summer's eve don't breathe
Sixteen shots I do believe and one up the sleeve
Master of the O who predict ya last pause
I told y'all, Hell and gas drawls
Breakin glass and plastic jaw like federal drastic law
Fed up from fightin' secret war wit' them Fantastic Four (invisible bitch)
Versus Doom wit' the metal face before I go to state
The ho better settle case
The flow is at pedal pace steady like tricycles
Beware all suckas is froze like icicles (bag 'em up)
And baggin' bitches like nickels
Cause I licked 'em where they tickle before I hit the clit though
I'ma split till I pronounce More hits than a ounce no doubt
About ta bounce, X the unannounced, I'm out

[Outro: MF DOOM
And I like to give a shoutout to the brother Jet Jaguar
Megalon and King Geedorah
I call this joint right here Gas Drawls
In Hell with yours



[Intro: Kanye West]
I'm trying to catch the beat, uh
I'm trying to catch the beat
I'm trying to catch the beat, uh uh, uh
I'm trying to catch the beat

[Hook: Kanye West]
N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
Get 'em high
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfuckin' man
Get 'em high
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
Keep 'em high
And if you're losin' your high then smoke again
Keep 'em high

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
N-n-n-now, my flow
Is in the pocket like wallets, I got the bounce like hydraulics
I can't call it, I got the swerve like alcohol-ics
My freshman year I was going through hella problems
'Til I, built up the nerve to drop my ass up out of college
My teacher said I'se a loser, I told her why don't you kill me
I give a fuck if you fail me, I'm gonna fol-low my heart
And if you follow the charts, or the plaques or the stacks
You ain't gotta guess who's back, you see
I'm so Chi that you thought I was bashful
But this bastard's flow will bash your skull
And I will, cut your girl like Pastor Tro'
And I don't, usually smoke, but pass the 'dro
And I won't, give you that money that you asking for
Why you think me and Dame cool? We assholes
That's why we hear your music in fast forward
'Cuz we don't wanna hear that weak shit no mo'

[Hook: Kanye West]
N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
Get 'em high
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfuckin' man
Get 'em high
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
Keep 'em high
And if you're losin' your high then smoke again
Keep 'em high

[Verse 2: Kanye West + Sumeke Rainey]
("You've got mail!") N-n-n-n-n-now who the hell is this
E-mailing me at 11:26?
Telling me that she 36-26, plus double-d
You know how girls on Black Planet be when they get bubbly
At NYU but she hail from Kansas
Right now she just lamping, chilling on campus
Sent me a picture of her feelin' on Candice
Who said her favorite rapper was the late great Francis
W-H-I-T-E, it's getting late mami
Your screen saver say tweet, so you got to "call me"
And bring a friend for my friend, his name Kweli
(You mean Talib? Lyrics sticks to your rib)
I mean (That's my favorite CD that I play at my crib)
I mean (You don't really know him, why is you lyin')
Yo Kwe, she don't believe me, please pick up the line
She gon' think that I'm lyin', just spit a couple of lines
Then maybe I'll be able to give her dick all the time
And get her high! Owwww!

[Verse 3: Talib Kweli]
Yo, I can't believe this nigga use my name for picking up dimes
But never mind, I need some tracks, you tryin' to pull tracks out
And my rhymes is finna blow, you trying to blow backs out
Well okay, you twisted my arm, I'll assist with the charm
Ayo, ain't you meet that chick at that conference with your moms?
And sister's the bomb, boy she got the bougie behavior
Always got something to say like a okay playa hater
Anyway, I don't usually fuck with the Internet
Or chicks with birth control stuck to they arm like Nicorette
You really fuckin' that much or trying to get off cigarettes?
If she think it's fly, she ain't met a real nigga yet
Now I apologize if I come off a little inconsiderate
I got the bubba kush and a sister could get a hit of it

[Verse 4: Common]
Get 'em high like noon or the moon
Or a room filled with smoke, a hype filled with dope
Y'all assumed I was doomed, out of tune
But I still filled the notes with real nigga quotes
Real rappers is hard to find, like a remote
Control rap is out of
Used to, but still got love
That's why I abuse you who are not thugs
Rock clubs, it's like Tiger Woods in the hood
Should have my own reality show, called Soul Survivor
I stole on live-er niggas than you
You's a bitch I got ones that are thicker than you
How could I ever let your words affect me
They say Hip-Hop is dead, I'm here to resurrect me
Marsha's too sexy to even make songs like these
That's why the raw don't know your name, like Alicia Keys
Too many featured emcees, and pro-ducers is popular
Twelve thousand spins, nobody got to coppin' a
Album, how come, you the hot garbage of
The year's clear your image and snooped up
Label got you souped up, tellin' you you sick
When you a dick with a loose nut
Video hard to watch like Medusa
Even your club record need a booster, chimped up
With a pimp cup, illiterate nigga, read the infra-
Red across your head, I'm bred king like Simba
Bolder than Denver, I ain't a Madd Rapper
Just an emcee with a temper
You dancing for money like Honey, I did this my way
So when the industry crash, I survive like Kanye
Spittin' through wires and fires, emcees retirin'
Got your hands up, get them motherfuckers higher then

[Hook: Kanye West]
N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
Get 'em high
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfuckin' man
Get 'em high
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
Keep 'em high
And if you're losin' your high then smoke again
Keep 'em high



[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Most niggas think I'm redundant
Because I like to take my shopping sprees out in London
I go to the can
I go shop in Japan
A diamond black card I get as much as I can, man
My set of chains seems so real
Imagination change the way that it feels
'Cause it's soft
Ice Creams and Dunks
My girl rock Louis Vuitton pumps you'd ask how much it costs
My nigga I go hard, I rock Goyard, Supreme- oh God
Thought I had to wear black just to kick bush
'Till a mechanic button pushed me just to get pushed
Niggas know I'm a teenage millionaire
Got Polos to match every color Care Bear
I get fit with Ralph Lauren, white tees is borin'
That's why I rock the best
My nigga get fresh

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
I'm color coordinated (get fresh)
Man I color coordinated this so (get fresh)
He is color coordinated (it's fresh)

[Verse 2: Burtono]
Yeah, all white Polos, self title'd jeans
Philiano Burtono, dog on everything
Ya boy Philiano is OTC
And as a boy I'd shop out this country
Ya boy Philiano got his own clothing
What's the name of it? It's named after me
You ain't gotta stay tuned, this ain't a cartoon
Son, where in apartments Burtono, it's coming soon
Red, white, blue, that's so fresh
Black on black, you look like a mess
The funny part about it, I'm so funny
I'm so fresh to death, I sweat money
I love it, chillin' in the public
300 bucks for the Rock & Republics
I don't know, but I'm not the best
I stay, I'm just tryna impress
But just get fresh

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
I go to Beverly Hills for perfection
Just so I can scope out the new Polo Hanson
My own clothing gives me an erection
I like to jack off to my own clothing
Nigga, check my wallet and see how much I'm holding
A new Bathing Ape t-shirt I'm unfolding
Cuffed pants, Bloxhead main attraction
Where my jeans now have a creative reaction
When my jeans get ripped up from my crew
Probably because my new printing label look blue
Orange, yellow, green, pink I got fits
My closet has thicker silicone than Lil Kim's tits
And as you could tell I'm on a mission
'Cause I got more True Religion than a Christian
I'm rockin in public, Banana Republic
You rockin Akademik jeans? I'm rockin Rock & Republic
(????) My flow is sicker than (???) havin sex
And you know what's next, I'm one of the best
Yes, I'm not even gonna tell you the rest
My nigga get fresh

[Outro]
Oooh, yeah



And I'm sitting on the edge of my bed holding my head
Trying to make this cake like a baker
And get some bread
My mama said hustlin' does come with feds
Time do the crime you better had be prepared
For what comes with it the killing the court convictions
Snorting, bitches, the snitches often they get acquitted
While the real sent to prison, to rot away while they living
And all because I say dope shit they on a mission
To nail my black ass to the wall with a conviction
I pray the Lawd hear me but really Lawd is ya listen'n
Praying when I'm in trouble I'm speaking with forked tongue
I say I'm out the game but I'm flinching like George Jung
I must be in the clutches of Satan it's all warm
My mama took you to the "root lady" to read my palm
She puts beads on my neck saying they protecting me from harm
But fuck this old witch, I went and got a gun

[Hook:]
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Oh Lord
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Oh Lord

Looking at the bezel of my Breitling
Thinking that I used to sell raps for enlightenment
But I got lapped by them guys selling lies for the white man
Now I sell pies for the white man
And my tour bus is a moving indictment
This must be how Huey felt when the revolution failed
And in Oakland nigga turned him on to a sack of yayo
You know this feeling false but it feels like yeah
I may have lost my cause but not a reason to rebel
Revolutionary or drug dealer I'm in jail
And the C.O.'s call me nigga either way when I'm there
Just like they did Pac
Just like they do Mumia
Just like they doing to Mutulu or Assata if they see her
And ain't no justice if it's just us in court
For my folk and my people free Hoover, free Fort
The Lord never break us if we all on one accord
You know it

[Hook:]
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Oh Lord
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Oh Lord

Even as I'm standing here iceless Mike is priceless
Women with me prettier than Isis
Don't know if she black or a white chick
But I know this pussy and excitement
Gonna lead to indictments
The women and the fame put shade on enlightenment
I don seen dark days come to many bright men
I done seen a damn dime fine
As a fine wine take an Einstein mind
Leave 'em deaf dumb blind
Fuckin with them jezebel whores
Liars of Delilah even marrying a Pandora
Pretty parasite she will use ya, this ain't what you used to
Stone cold bitch she Medusa
Dope ass pussy might make you an abuser
You an addict not in love, boy
Don't get it confused, bruh
She don't need a boyfriend she just need a booster
She the devil's pie guy
You was fucking Lucifer

[Hook:]
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Oh Lord
Oh Lord, Jesus, glory
Oh Lord



Now I'm the newest member of the rockafella team
And I'ma bring Dame and HOV mad more cream
Hooks galore
Leave your city shook for sure
And I'ma bring 'em back where Beans took 'em before
For the last time it's 'Kanye' and not Kane
Everybody mispronouncing the name
So I spell it over and overlike my dog Fab in the game
Pick a bad chick up like a cab in the rain
All the girls that I had was the same
Cuz all they seemed to care about is what I had in the chain
Nevertheless, I'll say it again
Drop the bad bitch off take a cab in the rain

Go! Why she wanna say 'hello,'
Cuz my Rock-a-fello piece is all yellow?
Yeah! She tryna get nice
Get a crib, get a ring, throw rice
No, keep that raggedy chick
She's so masculine and I ain't on that faggoty shit
My diamond ornaments help me fornicate
Girls that look like they on a porno tape
My dogs is warning me 'bout girls is wanting me
For child support, this money born to make
They stick safety pins in my magnums
Steal my condoms, I swear that's a problem

It's like gettin' robbed without a pistol
For 18 years the job is not an issue
Cuz I made a mil off instrumentals
Classify me as husband potential
Niggas ain't think I rhyme for real
I got a 'You Hear It First' 'fore I signed a deal
Yeah, now it's time to bail
Cuz five years from now I'm tryna chill
Peep the wordplay, I'm kinda ill
I don't rap about guns dog I'm kinda real (I only rap about what I do and that 50 Cent's hot)

That's how I feel
To be down you must appeal
To the crew, we're rated R
OC, OG Bobby Johnson's son
Ask me "Ray Ray is that your car?
I seen MTV I know who you are
You did Takeover, do you got beef with Nas?"
I DID take-over the game, brought back the Soul
Got tracks to go, got plaques that's gold
Platinum and gold, yeah that's the flow
All I, know, I gotsta blow
And I don't play 'pause', I'm from Chica-GO



[Intro]
Yeah, mothafuckas better know
I'm a bad bad bad
Lock your windows, close your doors
Biggie Smalls

[Notorious B.I.G.]
My man Inf left a Tec and a 9 at my crib
Turned his self in, he had to do a bid
A 1-to-3, he be home the end of '93
I'm ready to get this paper, G: you with me?

[Young Biggie]
Motherfucking right, my pockets looking kinda tight
And I'm stressed
Yo, Biggie let me get the vest

[Notorious B.I.G.]
No need for that, just grab the fucking gat
The first pocket that's fat, the Tec is to his back
Word is bond, I'mma smoke him, yo, don't fake no moves (what?)
Treat it like boxing, stick and move, stick and move

[Young Biggie]
Nigga, you ain't got to explain shit
I've been robbing motherfuckas since the slave ships
With the same clip and the same .45
Two point blank, a motherfucker sure to die
That's my word, nigga even try to bogart
Have his mother singing, "It's so hard."

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Yes, love—love your fucking attitude
Because the nigga play pussy, that's the nigga that's getting screwed
And bruised up from the pistol whipping
Welts on the neck from the necklace stripping
Then I'm dipping up the block and I'm robbing bitches too
Up the herringbones and bamboos
I wouldn't give a fuck if you're pregnant
Give me the baby rings and the #1 Mom pendant

[Young Biggie]
I'm slamming niggas like Shaquille, shit is real
When it's time to eat a meal, I rob and steal
Cause mom dukes ain't giving me shit
So for the bread and butter I leave niggas in the gutter
Huh, word to mother, I'm dangerous
Crazier than a bag of fucking angel dust
When I bust my Gat, mothafuckas take dirt naps
I'm all that, and a dime sack, where the paper at?

[Interlude]
When he's sticking you and taking all of your money

[Hook]
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Big up, big up, it's a stick up, stick up
And I'm shooting niggas quick if ya hiccup
Don't let me fill my clip up in ya back and headpiece
The opposite of peace, sending Mom duke a wreath
You're talking to the robbery expert
Step into your wake with your blood on my shirt
Don't be a jerk and get smoked over being resistant
Cause when I lick shots, them shits is persistent

[Young Biggie]
Goodness gracious, the papers!
Where the cash at? Where the stash at?
Nigga pass that
Before you get your grave dug from the main thug .357 slug
And my nigga Biggie got a itchy one grip

[Notorious B.I.G.]
One in the chamber, thirty-two in the clip
Motherfuckas better strip, (yeah nigga, peel)
Before you find out how blue steel feel

[Young Biggie]
From the Beretta, putting all the holes in ya sweater
The money-getter, motherfuckas don't know better
Rolex watches and colorful Swatches
I'm digging in pockets, motherfuckas can't stop it

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Man niggas come through I'm taking high school rings too
Bitches get strangled for their earrings and bangles
And when I rock her and drop her, I'm taking her doorknockers
And if she's resistant: blakka, blakka, blakka

[Young Biggie]
So go get your man bitch, he can get robbed too

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Tell him Biggie took it, what the fuck he gonna do?
Man I hope apologetic or I'm a have to set it
And if I set it, the cocksucker won't forget it

[Interlude]
Hey bitch, hey bitch, gimme your money bitch (when he's sticking you and taking all your money)

[Hook]
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

[Young Biggie]
Man listen, all this walking is hurting my feet
Ooh money looks sweet

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Where?

[Young Biggie]
In the Isuzu jeep

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Man, I throw him in the fiend you grab the fucking cream
And if he start to scream, bom bom, have a nice dream
Hold up, he got a fucking bitch in the car
Fur coats and diamonds, she think she a superstar

[Young Biggie]
Ooh Biggie let me jack her, I'll kick her in the back
Hit her with the Gat

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Yo chill shorty, let me do that
Just get the fucking car keys and cruise up the block
The bitch act shocked getting shot on the spot

[Young Biggie]
Oh shit the cops

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Be cool, fool
They ain't gonna roll up, all they want is fucking doughnuts

[Young Biggie]
So why the fuck he keep looking?

[Notorious B.I.G.]
I guess to get his life tooken
I just came home, ain't trying to see central booking
Oh shit, now he looking in my face
You better haul ass cause I ain't with no fucking chase
So lace up your boots, cause I'm about to shoot
A true motherfucka going out for the loot

[Outro]
Take that motherfuckers



[Verse 1: Drake]
Look, I know girls love Beyoncé
Girls love to fuck with your conscience
Girls hate when niggas go missing
And shawty you ain’t no different
These days it’s hard to meet women
Feel like my love life is finished
I’ve been avoiding commitment
That’s why I’m in this position
I’m scared to let somebody in on this
No new friends, no no no
You know how this shit go
You got your fair share of admirers that call your phone
You try to act like it’s just me, but I am not alone
But if you’re alone then, say my name, say my name

[Chorus: James Fauntleroy]
Say my name, say my name
When no one is around you
Say, “Baby, I love you”
If you ain’t running games
Say my name, say my name
You actin’ kinda shady, baby
Why the sudden change?
Say my name
Say my name
Say my name
Say my name, say my name
If no one is around you

[Verse 2: Drake]
Yeah
Uh
Say my name, say my name
‘Cause those other men are practice
And this ain’t no time for actin’
And this ain’t no time for games
And this ain’t no time for uncertainty
And this ain’t no time for locking your phone and not coming home
And startin’ some shit when I’m in the zone
This is why I’ve been saying
No new friends, no no no
You know how this shit goes
This is not four years ago
Time escapes me
Now forget how it felt when this shit move slow
I come through in whips that make a young boy take the long way home
All my young boys ‘round me saying, “Get money and fuck these hoes”
Where we learn these values? I do not know what to tell you
I’m just trying to find a reason not to go out every evening
I need someone that’ll help me think of someone besides myself
I need someone I leave through the front door with
‘Cause we don’t wanna hide no more
Plus you’re not shy no more
Neither of us wanna play the side no more
No, I’m not alone
Even though nothing was the same
Let me get your ass alone
Let me make you say my name
Say my name

[Chorus: James Fauntleroy]
Say my name, say my name
When no one is around you
Say, “Baby, I love you”
If you ain’t running games
Say my name, say my name
You actin’ kinda shady, baby
Why the sudden change?
Say my name
Say my name
Say my name
Say my name, say my name
If no one is around you



[Produced by Havoc]

[Verse 1: Nas]
Got out the airport, the Mobb picked me up in the truck
Jewelry chunky like fuck, I ain't scared to get stuck
So what's the deal, Papi? You heard the feds almost got me?
I had the Cuban posse all up in my room and lobby
Negotiating like Illuminati, network with catch a body experts
In retrospect to the foul connect
When I lost, but back then was my fault
Now it's time to floss, eye for a eye, what's mine is yours
I need a suite with the flowers complimentary at Trump Towers
Sit at the table, we can build for hours
On getting rich, it's a cinch, take a glimpse
"The World Is Yours" written all over the blimps
Here's a toast to my foes, it's like a whole new beginning
With Quaaludes and cream and loads of women rocking linen
I got a plan to blow to Hiroshima, Japan
Moving niggas out the hood and just divide it with fam
Ay yo the bitches, like Gee Money said to his man
Will ride the dick like a horse with the cowboy brand

[Hook: Havoc]
Give it up fast, quick and not slow
Not going to the tables if it's not about dough
Son you know, Mobb Deep is running this shit
QBC, nigga rep your clique

[Verse 2: Havoc]
Yo son, I'm feeling it
Opposition want me dead, concealing shit
From gats got me living, kid, rushing through my pyramid
You secondary, go against the grain then you adversary
Had to bury niggas on my side that snitch
Ran his mouth like a bitch, now he's laying in the ditch
That he dug for himself, on his grave I had to piss
Scud missile, never miss you, hit you
Scratch you off my list, Gemstar rip through
Your mental, deeper, you ain't having it, me neither
It's drama, ain't got time for no breathers
Rapper Noyd make these niggas into believers

(Yo Noyd, what up with this cat right here, man? Word up)

[Verse 3: Big Noyd]
The tough guy screwing me? I guess he got plans to ruin me
He wanted to do me, slowly but surely I peeked his fast ass a bit early
Grabbed him by his wig, his shit was curly
(Put the chrome to his dome) let him know it's never early
You can slide, before I snatch the heat from his side
Saw the devil in despise by the look in his eyes
He was surprised how I snatched him up
Regulated his gat and backed him up
Stepped to the side, P, blast him up

[Verse 4: Prodigy]
Yeah yo, cannons erupt, you got strucked up abstrusely
Some rapper nigga playing thug tried to approach me
(Yo, kill that nigga, man!)
All I remember was I shot for his throat, G
You see big guns in 3-D, it's haunting
It gets deep, fucking with these Chinese
Thai weed burning my hip from hot gats
Burning my lip from roach clips
Catch me on the 40th and Bootlegger, in the AM
These ante meridian cats, insomniacs
Four in the morning we throwing back some Cognac juice
Letting gats loose, the blue van blitz through
D's pissed too, couldn't find the pistol
Ay yo, hopped out the Lexus, holding my necklace
I'm bent off some next shit, gasoline with a kerosene twist
Stumbling, placing my gun right, it's slipped down its caliber
Looking for chicks that he can stab now
Numbed up from my fiery cup of hell juice
Some singed nectar, Satan's fountain of youth
Mega action, bitches all around ready to fuck
Big asses, you raw-dogging shit, pressing your luck
My pipe game's like a night train
Top speed through your womb-piece
Rated X to say the least

[Hook: Havoc]
Give up the pussy fast, quick and not slow
Not going to the 'tel if it ain't a freak show
Son you know, Mobb Deep is running this shit
QBC, niggas rep they clique
Give it up fast, quick and not slow
Not going to the tables if it's not about dough
Son you know, Mobb Deep is running this shit
QBC, niggas rep your clique



[Verse 1: Prodigy]
Ayo, Queens get the Money long time no cash
I'm caught up in the hustle when the guns go blast
The fool retaliated so I had to think fast
Pull out my heat first, he pull out his heat last
Now who the fuck you think is living to this day?
I'm tryna tell these young niggas crime don't pay
They looked at me and said "Queen's niggas don't play
Do your thing, I'll do mine kid stay outta my way"
It's type hard tryna survive in New York state
Can't stop 'til I'm eating off a platinum plate
Po po comes around and tries to relocate me
Lock me up forever but they can't deflate me
Cause having cash is highly addictive
Especially when you're used to having money to live with
I thought step back look at my life as a whole
Ain't no love it seems the devil done stole my soul
I'm out for delfia, selfia, P's not helping ya
I'm tryna get this Lexus up, and plus a cellular
Yo, Big Noyd! (What up cousin?) I can't cope
With all these crab niggas tryna shorten my rope

[Verse 2: Big Noyd]
Yo, it's the R-A-double-P-E-R
N-O-Y-D, niggas can't fuck with me
Coming straight outta QB
Pushing an Infiniti
You ask can I rip it constantly? Mentally?
Definitely, to the death of me, come and test me
Trust me, nigga couldn't touch me if he snuff me
So bust me, you're gonna have to, cause I'ma blast you
My lyrical like a miracle, ill spiritual
I'm born with it, I'm getting on with it
And I'ma have it 'til I'm fucking dead and gone with it
Cause I'm a what? Composer of hardcore, a lyrical destructor
Don't make me buck ya, cause I'm a wild mothafucka
You know my flow, you know my steelo
Even pack my gat when I go to see my PO
Jump out my hooptie, pass my gat and my lucci
To my shorty in case my PO try to troop me
To the island, and if I start wildin
Flipping on niggas walking around with the nice gold medallions
But she didn't violate me, so I escaped see
Back to Queen's pumping the fiends making more CREAM
Know what I mean? I'm a natural born hustler
Won't try to cut ya, pull out my 4 4 and bust ya

[Verse 3: Havoc]
Hey Yo, ain't no time for faking jacks cause brothers that fake jacks
Get laid on their backs, the streets is real
Can't roll without steel, I feel how I feel
Cause I was born to kill, do what I gotta
To eat a decent meal, brothers is starving
Don't try to find a job son, it's all about robbing
So don't be alarmed when we come through
We supposed to, if you opposed to, get your face blown dude
Off the map, cause I react, attack
A brother wasn't blessed with wealth, so I act like that
Drug dealing, only mess with shorties thats appealin
I'm fronting on the world once I start 4-wheeling
Cause back on the 41st Side, we do a ride
Sipping E&J, getting bent all night
Yo, who that? I never seen him in my whole life, step to his business
Cause it's only right, po-po ain't around so I grab my pound
Money retaliated so I hit the ground, my life is on the line
Gotta hold my projects down, can't see myself getting bodied
By a clown ass nigga that ain't even from my town
Hit him up in the chest and now he's laying me down dead
And up from under the benches I started hearing sirens
I stop firing, to cut ass like a diamond, jetted to the cribpiece
What a relief, stashed the heat then proceeded to peep
Out the window, call my son, "yo son we got beef
But no question, money had a problem so I solved him"

[Verse 4: Prodigy]
I got my mind on the stick-up, now it's time to get paid
Thinking of ways to take loot already made
There's crime in the air, ain't no time to be afraid
Give me yours and get laid, give up the goods and get sprayed
I got lots of love, for my crew that is
No love for them other crews and rival kids
All them out-of-town niggas know what time it is
And if they don't, they need to buy a watch, word up
Caught up in the cross-fire get theyself hurt up
While I be sipping gin straight in a plastic cup
On a park bench on 12th Street, my whole crew's famous
You tried to bust your gat and keep it real but you nameless
First of all slow down, you on the wrong route
Let me put you on your feet and show you what's it all about
The street life ain't nothing to play with
No jokes no games kid for years I been doing the same shit
Just drinking liquor, doing bids, extorting crack heads
And sticking up the stick-up kids



[Produced by Avenue Beatz, Infamous and Onhel]

[Verse 1]
Woo, this that shit they didn’t want me on
I’m ‘bout to act a badonkadonk, shamone, shamone
Don't need sugar, I need cream, I'm dark and strong
The garbage man puttin' on cologne, aroma wrong
I'm on, I'm on, this that shit they didn't want
I act a ass and shit a skunk, I will, I won't
Black your eye like will.i.am, you Willy Wonka
That's me in the Lam, I'm disappearin' like Jimmy Hoffa
AK-47 my business partner, business is swell
French kiss a bitch, she don't speak French, can't kiss and tell
I push his ass in the wishin' well, then wish him well
Sippin' syrup like ginger ale, but I'm the quickest snail
From here to Hell, I hear them hail, I give them hell
I'm spittin' hail,  I'm Clinton, well, I did inhale
These niggas frail, they Chip and Dale, they little gals
Watch me act a donkey, then pin a tail, spit out your nails

[Bridge]
Uh, glory, hallelujah
Holy shit, I'm the holy shit, I'm God's manure
I know how to hack a jeweller ward and not computers
I meditate like a Buddhist, Holy ramen noodles
And now you sleep, I'm inside your room wit' a lot of shooters
You wake up to this chopper tool, it's like, 'Cock-a-doodle'
I'm awkward, cuckoo, I turn your Froot Loop to chocolate Yoo-Hoo
I'm hotter than Honolulu,  glory unto you, glory

[Verse 2]
I'm awkward, cuckoo, I turn your Froot Loop to chocolate Yoo-Hoo
I'm hotter than Honolulu, my clothes and socks and shoes new
I been a boo-boo since ga-ga goo-goo and Dada, FUBU
Make everybody that knew you boo-hoo, I got them spooked too
I drive in neutral, shock the future like Dr. Luther
I'm not a chooser, your mom a cougar, I'll sock it to her
My cocaine white as a white beluga,  I like bazookas
I'm high as lunar,  I'm wilder than tigers, Nikes, Pumas
Woo, this that shit you didn't want me on
My weed louder than underarms and car alarms
Cheers, I said, 'Surprise', but couldn't party long
I got to get back to the grind and the drawin' board
But all this fuckin' artist drawin' is the art of war
These niggas' soft as teddy bears, talk to Marky Mark
I wet your block, leave it a waterpark, broad or dark
I whip the work like tartar sauce, you want it hard or raw, huh?

[Bridge 2]
Uh, glory, hallelujah
Holy shit, I'm the shit, Porta-Potty Tunechi
Unload the Glock profusely, when sortin' out confusion
Your motor mouth keep vroomin', I'm goin' Tony Stewart
I'm on the fluid, I'm ruined, I'm cold as Boston Bruins
Lost in the shoo-shoo and who's who and I lost influence
Lost my point of view 'til I find a mirror, start talkin' to it
It told me the truth, it said I'm the shit and you party poopin'
Lord, oh, Lord

[Verse 3]
Am I talkin' crazy, too much coffee maybe
I smell like money, I know broke niggas feel nauseated
The broads' elated, my boys are faded, my car's the latest
My bars the greatest, they rated X like Marvel made it
She caught the babies, she barfed the babies, they orphans maybe
We got that white girl like in the '80s, that Marcia Brady
I dicked Tracy like Warren Beatty, I'm warm as Haiti
I'm armed and lazy, I'm sprayin' until my arms is lazy
Pardon my mental, I'm higher than Continental
Went from flyin' cockroaches to flyin' without credentials
That's private,  tell the pilot, 'Be quiet, we need our privacy'
Throw you off this bitch if you wired, justifiably
Hustle wit' a motive, you know this, I'm wit' my whoadies
No snakes, no rodents, no ad-libs, no chorus
No stress, no worries, took you to a respiratory
It's self-explanatory, the glory is mandatory, glory

[Outro]
Uh, glory, hallelujah
Holy shit, I can't hold this shit, my bowel's looser
My towel's newer, my powder room is for powder-users
You see rolled up dollar bills filled wit' snot and mucus
My tires Lucas, my driver's crusin', my partner's ruthless
My flower's rootless, my pocket's roofless, she poppin' roofies
I'm not a student, I'm not assumin' I'm not a human
You are not immune to this kind of music, you got 'em, Tunechi
You got 'em, Tunechi, I got 'em



[Verse 1: Killer Mike]

Yeah, still Killa Kill from the ville
With a flow so cold it'll froze your nose
Something like the blow did back in the 90's
When I sold to the geeked out hoes
Must be the reason my flow so dope
Not dope meaning coke but dope meaning dope
What's that Killa? Y'all niggas don't know? So
School's in session, let's go
Dope shit get you 75 a brick that bullshit
Coke just gets you 24
Like my nigga told y'all niggas back in '96
The difference between a 4.0 and a 4.6
And you're on my dick, pause
Get up off the polo draws, y'all
Ain't seen a rapper this cold
187 since above the law Ok?
Nigga with an attitude like Eazy
Ren, Dre and young O'Shea Ok?
Fuck that punk ass Glock he got on the block
I'm gonna hit him with the K Ok?
Have a nigga singing like Michel'Le
Have a nigga missing like JJ Fad
Beat a nigga dead like JJ dad
Damn damn James! Why you make me mad?
Shit got damn, I go ham
I go off, the gun go blam
I go in, I go hard
I go stupid oh my God
Shumalumadumalumashmalumaduma
Even when I ain't saying shit
Got AK word play might put a pause in you life
Just like a comma bitch!

[Scratches]

[Verse 2: Killer Mike]
Let everyone know that the bad guys back
And he got a gun and he's dressed in black
Terrorist flow and I'm ready to attack
Bombs over Baghdad yes Iraq and Iran and I am
The motherfucking man with the motherfucking plan
Sitting with the strap on my motherfucking lap
I put the shit to your motherfucking naps
38. snub to your Nap' ass dome
I can get you straight like a pressing comb
I go ape straight King Kong
Y'all monkey-ass-niggas better leave me alone
I'm a gorilla so I get realer
I spit hot fire retro Godzilla
Homicide maniac brainiac
Sipping on a pint of 'yac
In a Cadillac
I'm Killer killer killer killer killer killer
I did
These many shows in these many days
Had these many bricks got these many paid
That's 1,1,2 in these many ways
Indeed I say the opposite of living in need
I say is greed they say
I say no way fuck get money
Stack your hundreds alright ok? Go!



[Intro]
Yeah, they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin'
They wishin' on me, yuh

[Verse 1]
I been movin' calm, don't start no trouble with me
Tryna keep it peaceful is a struggle for me
Don't pull up at 6 AM to cuddle with me
You know how I like it when you lovin' on me
I don't wanna die for them to miss me
Yes, I see the things that they wishin' on me
Hope I got some brothers that outlive me
They gon' tell the story, shit was different with me

[Chorus 1]
God's plan, God's plan
I hold back, sometimes I won't, yuh
I feel good, sometimes I don't, ayy, don't
I finessed down Weston Road, ayy, 'nessed
Might go down a G.O.D., yeah, wait
I go hard on Southside G, yuh, wait
I make sure that north-side eat

[Post-Chorus]
And still, bad things
It's a lot of bad things
That they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin'
They wishin' on me
Bad things
It's a lot of bad things
That they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin'
They wishin' on me
Yuh, ayy, ayy

[Verse 2]
She said, "Do you love me?" I tell her, "Only partly"
I only love my bed and my mama, I'm sorry
Fifty Dub, I even got it tatted on me
81, they'll bring the crashers to the party
And you know me
Turn the O2 into the O3, dog
Without 40, Oli, there’d be no me
Imagine if I never met the broskies

[Chorus 2]
God's plan, God's plan
I can't do this on my own, ayy, no, ayy
Someone watchin' this shit close, yep, close
I've been me since Scarlett Road, ayy, road, ayy
Might go down as G.O.D., yeah, wait
I go hard on Southside G, ayy, wait
I make sure that north-side eat, yuh

[Post-Chorus]
And still, bad things
It's a lot of bad things
That they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin'
They wishin' on me, yeah, yeah
Bad things
It's a lot of bad things
That they wishin' and wishin' and wishin' and wishin'
They wishin' on me, yeah



[Verse 1]
It's hot like Hell in the south
It feel like we in the devil mouth in the south
So white boys tripping cause we iced out
Cool as a cucumber hopping out
A ‘73 Impala with the brains blowed out
Let the robbers follow
Swear to God, fuck nigga, get your brain blowed out
Your baby momma followed or your man shot down
I'm from Martin Luther King, respect it it's holy ground
Who'd have thought a nigga out a shotgun house
Would ever drive a car with a angel that bow
I'm the shit cause I come from the bowels
The guts of the city, ain't a nigga fucking with me
Young player from the South, tell stories like Biggie
Take the King's English, paint pictures so vivid
That the listener will swear to God they lived it
If that ain't God in motion, nigga tell me what is it?
The church ladies weep when they hear your man speak
They say they see God in me, but I'm in the streets
They ask me why I'm rapping, tell me I'm called to preach
I smile, I kiss 'em on they honey brown cheeks
I tell 'em God bless 'em and they concern for me
But you can never walk on water if you still fear the sea
If Jesus came back, Mother, where you think he'd be?
Probably in these streets with me
Peace

[Hook]
Came out the valley of the shadow of death
Judas still got the knife in my back
Devil's trying to give a G life for crack
Haters mad cause I baptized my laugh
Keep a Jesus piece to protect myself
If heaven got a ghetto you can bet I'll be there
God is with me
God is in me
God is in me

[Verse 2]
To get to Heaven I will raise Hell
But before I be a servant in white heaven I will rule in a black hell
See the leader jumping out a black SL
On the block like 'Yes, yeah, the truth here'
Living reckless for a necklace and big chain
The wages of sin is death not the chain gang
Touch my chain, I bang bang bang
Leader of the Grind Time Rap Gang mang
We a squadron of God's marksmen
Greek heroes, we the new Titans
Young Achilles, nigga, I will kill these niggas
No homo, I just don't feel these niggas
Laid back seeing panoramic views
It's a angelic view, the sky so blue
Similar to my diamonds and they hue
I pray my success is a torment to you
God MC boy, ex d-boy
Only thing real in a room full of decoys
Angel wings got a nigga flying higher
I hope my success burn you like hellfire
I hope seeing me whip cars dressed fresh
Torments your ass like a man possessed
Be blessed
Amen



[Produced by Kanye West, 88 Keys, Mike Dean, Noah Goldstein, and Hudson Mohawke]

God level
Provide a new coffin
You don't see murder like this this often
God level
God level
Our father
Might as well make a new casket
God level
God level
God level

You see sharks in the water
Then they try to do nothin' but put cocks in your daughter
Don't say nothin' 'bout what Ye said
Don't move, mothafucka, play dead
Yeah, we cool, mothafucka, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

God level



[Produced by Easy Mo Bee]

[Intro Skit: Biggie and Puff]
[Dialing numbers]
[Phone Rings]
Yo!
Yo Big, wake up, wake up baby
Mmm, yo...
Yo Big, wake yo' ass up c'mon
I'm up! I'm up. I'm up , I'm up
Big, wake up!
I'm up Diddy, what the fuck, man? What's up?
C'mon now it's a quarter to six we got the 7:30 flight
Mmm, (mumbling) yeah
Yo Big, Big, Big
Yeah I hear you dog, I hear you, alright, 7:30
Yo take down this information
Ain't no pen
Tell your girl then to remember it or somethin'. Can you do that?
Aight honey, yeah write this down
Aight, uhm, flight five-oh-four
Five-oh-four
Leaving Kennedy
Kennedy
On the L-A-X
Oh! Cali?
No doubt baby, you know we gotta get this paper
Ahh, no doubt, aight
You aight?
I'm up, I'm up
Yo Big
I'm up, man
Flight five-oh-four
Alright 7:30 I'ma meet you at the airport
California
Yeah
[Phone clicks]

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, when the la-la hits ya lyrics just splits ya
Head so hard, that your hat can't fit you
Either I'm with ya or against ya
Format venture, back through that maze I sent ya
Talking to the rap inventor
Nigga with the game tight, fifth of that flame right
Spell my name right, B-I, double-G, I-E
Iced out, lights out, me and Cease-a-Leo
Getting head from some chick he know
See it's all about the cheddar, nobody do it better
Going back to Cali, strictly for the weather
Women and the weed - sticky green
No seeds bitch please, Poppa ain't soft
Dead up in the hood, ain't no love lost
Got me mixed up, you drunk them licks up
Mad 'cause I got my dick sucked
And my balls licked, forfeit, the game is mine
I'ma spell my name one more time, check it
It's the, N-O, T-O, R-I, O
U-S, you just, lay down, slow
Recognize a real Don when you see one
Sipping on booze in the House of Blues

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. (Stevie J)]
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
If I got to choose a coast I got to choose the East
I live out there, so don't go there
But that don't mean a nigga can't rest in the West
See some nice breast in the West
Smoke some nice sess in the West, y'all niggas is a mess
Thinking I'm gon stop, giving L.A props
All I got is beef with those that violate me
I shall annihilate thee
Case closed, suitcase filled with clothes
Linens and things, I begin things
Beeper start to flash, 818's, 213's
313's, B.I.G
Frequently floss hoes at Roscoe's
If I wanna squirt her, take her to Fatburger
Spend about a week on Venice Beach
Sippin Crist-o, with some freaks from Frisco

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. (Stevie J)]
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Cali got gunplay, models on the runway
Scream Biggie Biggie gimme One More Chance
I be whipping on the freeway, the NYC way
On the celly-celly with my homeboy Lance
Pass hash from left to right
Only got five blunts left to light, I'm set tonight
Met a bitch at the Versace store
Said she suck it 'til I ain't got no more, only in L.A
Bust on bitches be-lly, rub it in they tummy
Lick it, say it's yummy, then fuck your man
What's your plan, is it to rock the Tri-State?
Almost gold, five Gs a show date
Or do you wanna see about seven digits?
Fuck hoes exquisite, Cali, great place to visit

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. (Stevie J)]
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)



[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect

[Verse 1: Matt Champion]
Rock the boat like a one-eyed pirate
Rick James, I get glitter on my eyelids
2 A.M., 85 on the highway
Whole world get a little misguided
Where the spotlight? Put me in the spotlight
Trust no one that put you in the wrong light
High scream when I hit her with the long pipe
Mmm, ice cream when I hit her with the sweet thang
Do my thing, no, I do not do speaking
Get my shot, point it out like whoop, bang
I'ma win a bitch and I got a mood swing
I'm the realest, bitch, now I got a mood swing
I got bipolar confidence
Wake up like "shit" then I feel like the shit
So I guess I'm the shit
Yeah, I guess I'm the shit

[Hook: Matt Champion]
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann & Merlyn Wood]
Grab life by the horns when I whip the Lambo
Black on red like I whip the sambo
Clip's so long it'll make you mambo
Watch you tango, dutty wine
She grind on my dick like a hundred times
Shawty love me long when I grip her sides
And slip inside like a Slip 'N Slide
My electric eel do electric slide but—
I just wanna feel the booty
All on me, all on me, all on me
Make it slow clap like Rudy!
All on me, all on me, all on me
I just wanna feel on your booty
Grab the camcorder, we can make it a movie
Bring a friend with you if you like how I do it
Gold chain swingin' and she like how I shoot it

[Hook: Kevin Abstract & Merlyn Wood]
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, (they don't want this) better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect

[Verse 3: Merlyn Wood]
I'm frosty
Cedar fender, I'm flossing
See the camo, I'm dousing
But you don't see what it cost me
Turmoil like the Saudis
Hand-me-downs never fit me
Party never fit me
Punani never fit me
Damn, time-travelin'
Honda-swervin', that's so Merlyn
That's so Merlyn
That's so Merlyn, that's so Merlyn
Damn, time-travelin'
Honda-swervin', that's so Merlyn
That's so Merlyn
That's so Merlyn, that's so Merlyn



[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect

[Verse 1: Matt Champion]
Rock the boat like a one-eyed pirate
Rick James, I get glitter on my eyelids
2 A.M., 85 on the highway
Whole world get a little misguided
Where the spotlight? Put me in the spotlight
Trust no one that put you in the wrong light
High scream when I hit her with the long pipe
Mmm, ice cream when I hit her with the sweet thang
Do my thing, no, I do not do speaking
Get my shot, point it out like Ruth, man
I'ma win a bitch and I got a mood swing
I'm the realest, bitch, now I got a mood swing
I got bipolar confidence
Wake up like "shit" then I feel like the shit
So I guess I'm the shit
Yeah, guess I'm the shit

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann & Merlyn Wood]
Grab life by the horns when I whip the Lambo
Black on red like I whip the sambo
Clip's so long it'll make you mambo
Watch you tango, dutty wine
She grind on my dick like a hundred times
Shawty love me long when I grip her sides
And slip inside like a Slip 'N Slide
My electric eel do electric slide but—
I just wanna feel the booty
All on me, all on me, all on me
Make it slow clap like Rudy!
All on me, all on me, all on me
I just wanna feel on your booty
Grab the camcorder, we can make it a movie
Bring a friend with you if you like how I do it
Gold chain swingin' and she like how I shoot it

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect

[Verse 3: Merlyn Wood]
Damn, damn, I'm frosty
Blood diamond, I'm flossing
Navy camo, I'm drowning
But you don't see what it cost me
Turmoil like the Saudi's
Hand-me-downs never fit me
Party never fit me
Punani never fit me
Damn, time-travelin'
Honda-swervin', that's so Merlyn
That's so Merlyn
That's so Merlyn, that's so Merlyn
Damn, time-travelin'
Honda-swervin', book learnin'
That's so Merlyn
That's so Merlyn, that's so Merlyn

[Verse 4: Dom McLennon]
Swan dive down the 405
Land at the bottom of El Toro High
With the precision of a cut from a Zorro knife
The boy spit like he made out of 409
So that's clean, bitch
You can't play with my team, bitch
We rock pink now on Wednesdays
Green looks good with your envy
Mix with white 'cause you salty but this stainless
I'm like platinum and it's painless
I just skip on the beat like I'm Pee-Wee Herman
Hands up for all my sermons
My wheel's turnin', now I'm more efficient than ever
I feel like Ratatouille when I'm whipping that cheddar
You see, you better find your thickest of sweaters 'cause this ice
Might fuck around and change your whole life
'Cause we about to take flight

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect
(Keep a gold chain) Keep a gold chain on my neck
Fly as a jet, boy, better treat me with respect

[Outro: Joba]
Keep a gold chain (fly, fly as a jet)
I keep a gold chain (fly, fly as a jet)
Keep a gold chain (I said I keep a, gold chain)
Keep a gold chain (I keep a gold chain)
Keep a gold chain (cause then I keep a)
(I said I keep a gold chain, a gold chain)
Keep a gold chain
(I said I keep a, I keep a)
Keep a gold chain (fly, fly as a jet)



[Hook x2: (Ray Charles) and Kanye West]
(She gives me money)
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need)
But she ain't messin' wit' no broke, broke

[Bridge: (Ray Charles) and Kanye West]
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

[Verse 1: Kanye West
Cutie the bomb, met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton under her underarm
She said, I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm
Far as girls you got a flock, I can tell by your charm
And your arm, but I'm lookin' for the one. Have you seen her?
My psychic told me she'll have an ass like Serena
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
And I gotta take all they bad a---- to ShowBiz
Okay, get your kids, but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up in
We all went to din and then I had to pay
If you f------ with this girl then you better be paid
You know why? It take too much to touch her
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta
My best friend said she used to f--- with Usher
I don't care what none of y'all say, I still love her

[Hook: (Ray Charles) and Kanye West]
(She gives me money)
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger, uh
(When I'm in need)
But she ain't messin' wit' no broke n-----, uh

[Bridge: (Ray Charles) and Kanye West]
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of yo' kids, got you for eighteen years
I know somebody payin' child support for one of his kids
His baby mama car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV, any given Sunday
Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money
She went to the doctor got lipo with your money
She walkin' around lookin' like Michael with your money
Should've got that insured, GEICO for your money
If you ain't no punk
Holla we want prenup (We want prenup!)
Yeah, it's something that you need to have
When she leave your a-- she gon' leave with half
Eighteen years, eighteen years
And on her eighteenth birthday, he found out it wasn't his?

[Hook x2: Kanye West and (Ray Charles)]
(She gives me money)
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger, uh
(When I'm in need)
But she ain't messin' wit' no broke n-----. uh

[Bridge]
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down, uh
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down, uh
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Now I ain't sayin' you a gold digger, you got needs
You don't want a dude to smoke, he can't buy weed
You got out to eat and he can't pay, y'all can't leave
There's dishes in the back, you gotta roll up ya sleeves
But while y'all washin', watch him
He gon' make it into a Benz out of that Datsun
He got that ambition, baby, look at his eyes
This week he moppin' floors, next week it's the fries
So, stick by his side
I know there's dude's ballin', but yeah that's nice
And y'all gon' keep callin' and tryin', but you stay right, girl
And when you get on, he leave yo' a-- for a white girl

[Bridge: Kanye West and (Ray Charles)]
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

[Outro: Kanye West]
And that is the story of the Gold Diggers, boys and girls



[Produced by Kanye West and Jon Brion]

[Intro: Jamie Foxx]
She take my money when I'm in need
Yeah, she's a triflin' friend indeed
Oh, she's a gold digger
Way over town that digs on me

[Hook: Kanye West + (Jamie Foxx)]
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

[Verse 1]
Cutie the bomb, met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton under her underarm
She said: "I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm
Far as girls, you got a flock
I can tell by your charm and your arm."
But I'm lookin' for the one, have you seen her?
My psychic told me she'll have a ass like Serena
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
And I gotta take all they bad asses to ShowBiz?
Okay, get your kids, but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up in
We all went to din' and then I had to pay
If you fuckin' with this girl, then you better be paid
You know why? It take too much to touch her
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta
My best friend said she used to fuck with Usher
I don't care what none of y'all say, I still love her

[Hook: Kanye West + (Jamie Foxx)]
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

[Verse 2]
Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of your kids, got you for eighteen years
I know somebody payin' child support for one of his kids
His baby mama car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV any given Sunday
Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money
She went to the doctor, got lipo with your money
She walkin' around lookin' like Michael with your money
Shoulda got that insured, Geico for your money
If you ain't no punk
Holla, "We want prenup! We want prenup!" (Yeah!)
It's somethin' that you need to have
‘Cause when she leave yo' ass, she gon' leave with half
Eighteen years, eighteen years
And on the 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his?!

[Hook: Kanye West + (Jamie Foxx)]
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

[Verse 3]
Now, I ain't sayin' you a gold digger, you got needs
You don't want a dude to smoke but he can't buy weed
You go out to eat, he can't pay, y'all can't leave
There's dishes in the back, he gotta roll up his sleeves
But while y'all washin', watch him
He gon' make it to a Benz out of that Datsun
He got that ambition, baby, look at his eyes
This week he moppin' floors, next week it's the fries
So stick by his side
I know there's dudes ballin', and yeah, that's nice
And they gonna keep callin' and tryin', but you stay right, girl
And when you get on, he'll leave yo' ass for a white girl

[Hook: Kanye West + (Jamie Foxx)]
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

[Outro]
Let me hear that back



[Intro: Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC]
"Tyler, you... obviously have some fucking problems...
And, this is... this is the end of this session, let's... anything else you've gotta say?"

[Verse 1]
Mom is getting jealous, I see my manager more
Than I see her before I go on tour and it hurts (yeah)
I miss the days when this was fun, but now it turned into work
And getting legal, so I got to watch the shit that I blurt out (As you should, that shit's outrageous...)
My friends are turning into opposites
Because my life is turning into opposite of sloppy wrist
And all the bitches who forgot about me want to ride my dick
Harder than the white kids who copy shit
Ending it is all I fucking think about, that's the shit I think about
All alone, bawling 'til my motherfucking eyes bleed
See, he's a leader in person and smile, shit gets disgursting
When there's no person around, talking discussion shit, man, fuck
(I'm here to talk to you) I'm putting myself at a distance
For instance, my best friend is now my fucking assistant (Who, Travis?)
Niggas saying "Free Earl" without even knowin' him
See, they're missing a new album, I'm missing my only friend

[Interlude: Tyler, The Creator and Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC]
You have everyone around you, with... thirty names a day?
I don't see what it is? I mean, you--not like you don't have anyone to talk to...
I'm here for you, I'm your friend
When I say Odd, y'all say Future
Odd... Uh-uh, nah, that shit's corny as fuck, fuck!
Tyler, you're doin' good. You have a cult following, you're-
To these white kids?
Oh, my gosh

[Verse 2]
Charbroiled nigga on these dark beats
Nauseous with the Nazi but it's normal what the cops see
Awesome at his concert, but he never had a pop, see
Mommy was a living single queen with a lat ti
So while my wallets piling with symbolic colored paper
I lace her, cause she gave me such a lot at such a young age
20, why didn't she get that abortion?
Probably cause that motherfuckin embryo was morphing
Into a Grammy-winning schizophrenic fucking orphan
Oops, I mean bastard, skinny-ass disaster
Mom works hard, still working on her masters
Son lies about taking classes at community college
Just to record some bullshit he calls Bastard
Start a fuckin cult, clash his talents in a brash way
Before he even had a mustache and cash
And all I got was a fucking shitty article in Thrasher

[Interlude: Tyler, The Creator and Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC]
"Alright, just calm down"
"That ain’t shit, man"
"Now don’t, don’t, don’t make yourself seem guilty. That, that article was great"
"No, fuck that, nigga"
"You're beating yourself up and your living the fucking life right now, kid! When I was your age, I would have loved to be fucking doing the things that you're doing right now"
"Fuck that… fuck all this shit"
"You, you, you act like I’m not here"
"You're not"
"I'm exactly who you’re supposed to be talking to"
"You don’t fucking help me with shit
You don’t help me with shit, fuck!"
"Yeah, you get... that, that—who wouldn’t do that?"
"Fuck you! Fuck you!"
"Who wouldn’t, who wouldn't shoot their friend?"
"Old fucking fuck!"
"That’s fine, it’s not your fault"
"I killed my fucking friends... fuck!"
"I’m gonna need security in here, and, uh…"
"Fuck! I didn't fucking sign up for this shit!
I'm, I'm not fucking crazy—I'm a fucking table! I'm a fucking table!"
"Yes, come quick. He’s losing it"
"No, fuck this shit!"
"Tyler, calm down"

[Verse 3]
I'mma grab the Nina (No!) and find a nice arena
Cause I can’t even choose between Ortega or Sabrina (Get security in here.)
And I’m not even human, I’m a body shaped demon
With some semen in my sack and some problems in the back (Calm the fuck down!)
And a life that’s fill with crap, and a finger filled with hate
And a gat that’s filled with love, now let opposites attract
I can finally be one (No!) like a marriage in a church
But this marriage has a hearse and the parents of the one
That’s getting married has a curse and it’s made up inside of him
Too late to reimburse but, wait, it gets worse!
All the guests that’s in the church all decided to disperse (Tyler...)
So there was nobody who could stop the wedding with converse (You don't want to do this...)
So they tied the knot, now it’s too late to reverse
This arrangement (Yes, it is) and the nurse is amazed
At the hurt that he was painting (Calm the fuck down!)
But it was obvious in all the photos he was paining
Now a bunch of whispering immerse

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator, Tyler, The Creator as Nurse, (Security Guard), Dr. DC]
"Yeah, he's right there. Security's right there."
"Shit! No, get away from me."
"Get him."
And then the nurse blurts
("Come here.")
"What the fuck is his problem? Here, we have two doses to give him, here"
Why didn’t anybody ask him first?
("Get on the ground!") "Hold him down."
"I’ve been asking you this whole time, Tyler..."
"Get the fuck away from me! Get away from me!" ("Come here, motherfucker!")
Because nobody gave a fuck
"Get the fuck off of me..."
Someone gave a fuck Tyler
And, uh... the person that gave a fuck was me
See, you’re not, going crazy... it’s me. I’m your best friend, Tyler
I know everything, I know everything about you
You’ve been helping yourself this whole time. Your friends? They’re just figments of your imagination
Dr. TC... See Tyler, I’m your conscience
I’m Tron Cat, I’m Ace, I’m Wolf Haley, I’m... (Me)



[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro]
Uhh.. uhh
Uhh.. uhh
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!

[Verse 1]
Wake up Mr. West, Mr. West
Mr. Fresh, Mister, by himself he's so impressed
I mean damn, did you even see the test?
You got D's, muthafucka D's, Rosie Perez
And yer ass barely passed any and every class
Looking at every ass, cheated on every test
I guess, this is my dissertation
Homie this shit is basic, welcome to Graduation

[Hook]
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!

[Verse 2]
Good morning, on this day we become legendary
Everything we dreamed of
I'm like the fly Malcolm X, buy any jeans necessary
Detroit Red cleaned up
From the streets to the league, from an eighth to a key
But you graduate when you make it up outta the streets
From the moments of pain, look how far we done came
Haters saying you changed, now you doing your thang

[Hook]
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!

[Verse 3]
Good morning, look at the valedictorian
Scared of the future while I hop in the DeLorean
Scared to face the world, complacent career student
Some people graduate, but be still stupid
They tell you read this, eat this, don't look around
Just peep this, preachers, teach us, Jesus
Okay look up now, they done stole yo' streetness
After all of that you received this

[Outro: Kanye West & JAY-Z]
Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Get on down
Get, get on down
Get on down
Get, get on down



[Verse 1]
Heart made of stone
Hands made of hearth
Heartbroken so long
Good things don't last
Good things don't last
Good things don't last
Good things don't last
Good things
You gotta
Brace for that fall
Made for this song
Made for so long

[Hook]
If you'd care for me my baby

[Verse 2]
Oh oh, so long
Waves so far up
Good things don't last
Good things don't last
Good things don't last
Good things, good
Richer or poor
Better or worst
Last or first
Hungry or thirst
Sad things
Sad news
Good things to do
Nothing for you
What it means to you
Can't change or change you
You can't let it
You can't rearrange you
You can't let it
Heart made of stone
Love made of glass
Love turning cold
Good things don't last
We had a good thing
Its good, Its good uh
We had a good thing, no no no



[Intro]
Ronny J, listen up

[Verse 1]
I'm a gook!
If I told you that I wasn't then
A nigga wouldn't be telling you the truth
Back in high school, I admit I was a goon
But the way I rap had niggas fooled
Yeah, I'm a gook, niggas started skipping school, me, Monty and Raul
Hopping the fence by Carol City park
Fuck the next class bitch I'm already smart
Yet I'm a gook, see me growing out my hair cause I look like the nigga from Roots
Yeah I'm a gook, Denzel Curry been a gook
Nigga that ain't nothing new
Yeah I'm a gook, probably thinking that I'm fool if I told you that I'm rapping too
Yeah I'm a gook, looking like that nigga Buu
Cut me off, I'm at the booth
Bitch, uh!

[Chorus]
Jabbie told me we gon blow like land mines
I don't fuck with purp, that's the only reason Yams died
Nigga, I'm a gook, hella awky that's the truth
But I bet you I can even keep it 10 times better than you
I'm a gook!
Jabbie told me we gon blow up like a land mine
I don't fuck with purp, that's the only reason Yams died
Nigga, I'm a gook, hella awky that's the truth
But I bet you I can even keep it 10 times better than you
I'm a gook!

[Verse 2]
Loose, with a screw, loose from the Tre Deuce, smoking boof
Bitch, I always knew, that I was a gook
But how this gook, ended up surpassing you?
Why you looking confused?
Made a hard album so what can you do?
I'm the Gook Runner, the Imperial
Shout out to mook, that be my flesh
Niggas can't fathom that I am the best
I gave you threatz, ultimate next
Shoutout the Klan because that’s on the set
Fucking with me I will put you to rest
Lie and you’ll remember to speak with your chest
Gooking forever I'm still at your neck
Bitch I'm gooking forever so give me respect, bitch!

[Chorus]
Jabbie told me we gon blow up like land mines
I don't fuck with purp, that's the only reason Yams died
Nigga, I'm a gook, hella awky that's the truth
But I bet you I can even keep it 10 times better than you
I'm a gook!
Jabbie told me we gon blow up like a land mine
I don't fuck with purp, that's the only reason Yams died
Nigga, I'm a gook, hella awky that's the truth
But I bet you I can even keep it 10 times better than you
I'm a gook!

[Outro]
From the days, I've seen thus far
People tell me that I gook on the daily
One day, I'm gon' be a star
I don't give a fuck if you're gonna hate me
New chains and brand new cars
People tell me that it's all gonna change me
But for now, my mind's on mars
'Cause you know a nigga gook on the daily



[Hook]
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
Bottles get to popping and them bitches get to jocking
And the kush bag that we smoking on be loud

This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
Bottles get to popping and them bitches get to jocking
And the kush bag that we smoking on be loud

[Verse One: Killer Mike]
Pull up to the club, you can hear the car running
Tip the door man, so you know I got a gun in
Promoter already paid my money
I'mma make it rain on sugar and honey
Bigga baby Bigga baby, ball like a dawg
It's enough of me to go 'round for both of y'all
Me and my clique, we the t-shirt gang
50 niggas deep, going "bang bang bang!"
Black Tee, black tee, bottles in the air
Niggas think J-Bo and Meech back here
Niggas think Charles Black back on set
Niggas think Tera White back on deck
So respect my mind, respect my grind
Walk right past don't respect, don't mind
20 young broads like a cheer leading squad
All they wanna do is hang out with the stars
All they wanna do is get high like the moon
Take a nigga back to the hotel room
Sex, drugs, rap, roll, yeah we on it
L.A. tonight, Miami in the morning
Know a nigga had to hit the King Of Diamonds
Know a nigga had to do the same shit again
Know my next show in the city of sin
Tip back home and we at it again

[Hook]
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
Bottles get to popping and them bitches get to jocking
And the kush bag that we smoking on be loud

This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
Bottles get to popping and them bitches get to jocking
And the kush bag that we smoking on be loud

[Verse Two: Killer Mike]
The kush that I'm smoking so goddamn loud
I can see the police standing through the crowd
I can see these pretty women sweating my style
I can see my old ho standing by the mile
Away from the do' just looking at me
Her best friend telling her to holla at me
She wanna say something but her pride don't let her
Mad cause the bitches that I'm with look better
Fuck that hate I celebrate
Standing with some niggas in the N.B.A
Standing with some niggas in the N.F.L
Both them niggas say they visit with a player
Yeah I'm a player, yeah I ball
M.V.P. of the V.I.P
All the young niggas wanna be like Mike
Better put a 23 on me
All these hoes with me go dyke
There go 23 times three
They just wanna be high as a kite
On a spaceship in another galaxy
Y'all niggas think making a movie is a club
I live my life IMAX 3D
Y'all niggas know it's big screen things on the scene
Living life HD 10 in your TV

[Hook]
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
Bottles get to popping and them bitches get to jocking
And the kush bag that we smoking on be loud

This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
Bottles get to popping and them bitches get to jocking
And the kush bag that we smoking on be loud

[Verse Three: Young Jeezy]
Let's go
Thirty car deep me, need the whole valet
From everything new to the old Chevrolet
Half of them them bitches ain't got no tops
Half of them bitches park brand new drops
All them bitches got brand new wheels
None of my niggas ain't got no deal
None of my niggas ain't got no job
All of my niggas got 2 or 3 cars
What you mean nigga ain't got no cares?
Like telling OG she ain't go no ass
Don't look now nigga, Sugar on the stage
Five stack for the song, nigga Sug' got a raise
How you know a nig' got all that work?
Cause he got three/four XL shirts
Why a nigga name so hot in the city?
Cause he got three/four spots in the city
It's soft on the east, hard on the west
Smoke on the south side y'all know the rest
32 O then it ain't no plan
No income, no stone then it ain't no watch
Is it in the front then it ain't no Coupe
Didn't come from L.A. then it ain't no Snoop
G.A. baby wanna smoke that brown
Your name ain't Young then this ain't your town
Nothing said pussy like 3 Rosay
[?] post screaming free Jose
Nothing said chip like Frito Lay
Keep playing that Young/Mike, go DJ
Matter of fact dawg, free all my niggas
Gotta cell phone 'bout to call my niggas
Know what I did then you might be a legend
Play it one more time then I might spend seven

[Hook]
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
Bottles get to popping and them bitches get to jocking
And the kush bag that we smoking on be loud

This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
This the shit that happen when we go out on the town
Bottles get to popping and them bitches get to jocking
And the kush bag that we smoking on be loud



[Hook 1]
They gossiping, it runs the city
They don't know who watchin them when they comin to get me
So I hit the block and bend, do about sixty
And I put my Glocks to them, like blaow, blaow, blaow

[Verse 1]
I'm finna get on this TV and put shit down
I ain't finna let these light skinned niggas come back in style
I'm finna turn this class clown shit to crazy G's
They told my Momma I was bipolar, had A.D.D
I told 'em w-what I wanna do, I wanna be a baller
The dream spoilers'll fool ya
Hating on you to their mans on the corners
Old folks said he'd never make it off the corner
They are the virus that corrupts the soul
They are the cubic zirconia inside the ten-karat gold
That get green on you, when you get green on 'em
You gotta wash your hands of 'em, get clean on 'em
Somebody told me success is the best revenge
So they gon' be fucked up when you do your thing on 'em
Now hold your plaques high, like who would've thought?
And tell em *ahem ahem ahem*, thank you for your no support

[Hook 2]
They are the dream killers, they the dream killers
Who know a dream? Uh, they are the dream (killer Norman Bates)
They the dream killers, they the dream killers
Dream, they are the dream (killer Norman Bates)

[Verse 2]
Now how you going to talk about the way I spend my money?
Everybody say it with me now, it's my money
And they know they hating, but what they don't know is
They are my motivation, they are my inspiration
'Cause we the leaders and they the followers
And we the nut busters and they the swallowers
They are the rumors, they are the lies
We are the shit, dog, and they the flies
How you gonna tell me how to live my life?
And you can't even get your own shit tight, right?
They are the misery that loves company
'Cause that comfortable corporate job can't comfort me
Told 'em I finished school, then I started my own business
They said, "Oh you graduated?" Nah, I decided I was finished
Chasing y'all dreams and what you got planned
Now I spit it so hot, you got tanned
And they hate on your relationship then break your marriage up
Can't kill your dreams so they assassinate your character
Do anything to downplay you or embarrass you
Come around with you but they ain't down with you
They the dream killers

[Instrumental Break]

(Killer Norman Bates)

[Verse 3]
And I'm through spitting these rappers my most heartfelt flow
'Cause they be like, "That's cool, you got some beats for me though?"
Oh, I get it, you want to be Snoop and Dr. Dre
But don't nobody give a fuck what you got to say
Anyway, what you finna rap about?
You never sold crack out your house or put a gat to a mouth
Or put your fist to your spouse, so how you gon' move the crowd?
I bet a thousand that you get booed out
I even heard that they even taking wagers in jail
They bet ten boxes of cigarettes that I'm finna fail
Second you talk about peace, they gon' be like, "Peace?"
This nigga came from the Chi, moved to the East
You gotta kill at least one person at least
Or we'll evict you from the rap game, cancel your lease
How you go to New York? What, you ain't never took a tour there?
What, you ain't know you gotta be rich just to be poor there?
The dream killers

[Hook 1]
They gossiping, it runs the city
They don't know who watchin them when they comin to get me
So I hit the block and bend, do about sixty
And I put my Glocks to them, like blaow, blaow, blaow



[Intro: Saba]
Oh, oh, oh
Oh oh oh
Oh, oh
Oh...

[Hook]
Where's your head?
Where's your soul? Your heart?
Where's your love? Your care?
Where's your life? Your scars?
You're lost

[Verse 1: Saba]
Ah, ah, ah, look
Earth can be so lonely, glad we're all in heaven
Bet he can count a dollar couldn't count a blessing
Where's your head? You neck-less for a fucking necklace
Oo, put that shit on record bet they get the message
Just like after the beep, wear my rap on my sleeve
Wear my heart on my tongue
Where you think that I speak from its blood on my teeth
Like a opp nigga, we opposed
I'm at the crib playing neo-soul
Dropped out, I don't need a loan
That same school booking me a show
Droppin college collect like an audit
I'm a artist problem what you call it
I'm a honest artist so they honor
Or we fighting fans like Ron Artest
I'm the coldest out I'm so arctic
And I'm from the same place the solids come from and I run shit like Sonic
With my songs and all of my sonnets signing

[Hook]
Where's your head?
Where's your soul? Your heart?
Where's your love? Your care?
Where's your life? Your scars?
You're lost

[Verse 2: Saba]
Oo, oo
Food can make you forget that the world is famished
They on me like the new kid, this my college campus
All these women want me like my name was Channing
Tatum, I don't even take em y'all can all still have em
Like I got my own, greed kill man, man still'll want more
Niggas spoon fed, talkin bout they poor, niggas be broke talkin like they on
I don't really care what oppers say though, they change they self for compensation
Last year I just had to lay low, now pass the torch like hot potato, aheh
'Cause I'm on it, take the green line out west to Austin
Dropped the best project since The Chronic
Like a nerd freshman how I'm locked in
I been, aheh, off that...dub, a nigga then I don't rematch
Grind mode nigga I don't relax, ay, go ‘head play this back
Sab

[Hook x2]
Where's your head?
Where's your soul? Your heart?
Where's your love? Your care?
Where's your life? Your scars?
You're lost

[Verse 3: Twista]
I tell em pop that trunk cause sound deaf
Got kush and I smoke that blunt cause I'm blessed
Flow with the funk then I'm fresh
And I got that cause I come from out west
I was raised around thugs and ballers
Something was happening whenever I come through
Hangin with the gang or with the crew
Anxious just to show I could do
And though the gas will spark when it got real dark
We were gon take it to Garfield park
To the holy city, yeah K-Town, and go downtown so I can show em that I'm real sharp
Ain't nobody fuckin' with us
Circumstances hurt your chances when you see how we comin'
On my mama Saba when he got the OG on me homie no wait we don't want nothin'
Breakin atoms if we causin' destruction
Makin patterns if we causin' eruptions
Second thoughts if you see us in the functions
Smokin weed if you see us into somethin'
Do ya thang and make ya money stack ya paper
Go ahead represent ya crew
As long as you respect the west side of Chi' do what the fuck you wanna do
Twista

[Hook]
Where's your head?
Where's your soul? Your heart?
Where's your love? Your care?
Where's your life? Your scars?
You're lost

[Skit: FRSH Waters]
Comin from one of them avenue babies, hailin from the west side, nigga tryna make it to the grammys, at least somewhere. Somewhere more than where a mothafucka been. Bucket list means something like, ya know you ever set up and dream and dreamed a dream and that dream done came true? Ha ha ha ha ha...chuuuuuuch



[Spoken: DeRay]
What in the fuck was that, Kanye?! I told you to do some shit for the kids! You can give me your muthafuckin' graduation ticket right now! You give me this muthafuckin' robe before you catch some senioritis! You will not walk across that stage, you won’t slide across that stage! A muthafucka can’t pull you across that stage, Kanye! Who told you? See, I told you to do somethin' uplifting! I’m tryin' to get you out here with these white people and this how you're gonna do me! You know what, you's a nigga. And I don’t mean that in no nice way. Had little kids sing about the shit, the jokes on you. You throw your muthafuckin hands in the air, and wave good-bye to every-mothafuckin-body! Cause you gettin' the fuck out of this campus! What the fuck you gon' do now, Kanye?

[John Legend]
I'm no longer confused, but don't tell anybody
I'm about to break the rules, but don't tell anybody
I got something better than school, but don't tell anybody
My momma would kill me, but don't tell anybody
She wants me to get a good ass job, just like everybody
She ain't walked in my shoes, I'm just not everybody



This is a story of a boy
This is a story of a boy who became a man
This is a story of a man who endured a struggle
This is my story

[Hook]:
I don't give a fuck I do a thou-wow then I'm up and down
To break that shit and weigh that shit distribute shit out Grandma's house
Everyday at the block with the chop in my coat
Always been always be all my life, always dope
[X2]

I know how real it is ho
That's why I make people feel the hook, man
Where would we be without our Grandmas?
A lot of our Grandma's was our Mamas

[Verse 1]
Close your eyes and imagine the south
Little black boy at his Grandma's house
Count stacks for a quarter of an ounce
Trying to get the brand new Jordans came out
Trying to get the candy paint Chevy up out
Bills paid shop say it cost three thou
It'll be worth it when I hit the block
Haters gonna hate, but the women gon' jock
Barely sixteen with a dope man dream
Since thirteen with a flea market ring
Me and my brother buying fake-ass gold
Trying to impress them fake-ass hoes
Y'all niggas know y'all seen it before
Up real late with your Grandma's plate
Praying to god she don't hear that scrape
Praying to god that she don't wake
--If she catch me serving hard
It's gon' break my Nana's heart
So I take them nicks
I cut 'em quick and hit the boulevard--
That yay and a K on MLK
Hail from the four but I'm known in the trey
Killer from the 'Ville in a Chevrolet
Bumping 'Pocket Full of Stones' by UGK
That was my life circa nine trey
You should see the fat black boy today
Wear more Polo than Kanye
Marry me a big booty cutie like Jay
Hood boss, nigga, do shit my way
Fuck I care what a critic got to say?
Fuck they know about Atlanta though?
Fuck they was at in '94?

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Close your eyes and imagine the south
Couple new cars at my Grandma's house
Everything I wear tailor-made or Ralph
Every woman on my team is stout
Every nigga on my team about
Getting to the money
Getting to the paper
Getting out the west side into Decatur
We pumped base like Cerwin Vegas
We rolled trees in a car I'm seeing Vega(???)
Nineteen the street king took trips to Vegas
Served 18 before I hopped that plane
Landed in Vegas and copped that Jane
Rented a Benz and switched that lane
My Cali bitch she broke that brain
Hit her from the back and bent that frame
My life dope --Straight Cocaine--
Hit the town my pockets fat
Seven hours later lost seven stacks
Left the dice alone did Black Jack
A few 21s brought the seven back
But luck is a lady we know that
And sometimes that ho hold back
When I needed her most that bitch got ghost
I lost them seven plus four back
--Staring at heaven like I lost eleven you should have seen your nigga's faaace
The OG was with me and he dropped fifty we laugh about it to this daaay--
Told the young 'un, "I knew you would grow to be a G in this game
Because the next day your wife came with thirty bands on a plane"

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Close your eyes and imagine the south
Bentley GT at my Grandmama house
Ain't worried about what the law talk about
Because I went legit, the game I'm out
Built my own company like Eazy-E
We Ruthless my nigga, the G to the T
--Grandmama told me to slow my roll
Stack my money pay child support
I smiled and said, "Look Mama, I know
But them women are still gon' be at my throat.--
No matter what Mama they gon' want some more
Mad they can't have a nigga no more"
Disturbing my life, threatening my wife
One of them tried to stick me with a knife
Knocked her ass out and threatened to kill her
My Grandmama told me the devil was in her
She told me, "Young 'un just stay away from her
Don't talk to her brother, don't talk to her Mama
Let her get her mind right really quick"
I kicked her ass out like 50 did
Huh... I'm still the shit
99 problems and not one bitch
Will ever take a young player off his grind
When I grab my dick, see my pinkie shine...

[Hook]



[Hook]
Girl, I know you wanna
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck me
Stop playing around now

[Verse 1]
You old as fuck
Now let me eat you
You finished with your bath
It's time to feed you
You're a GILF
A granny I'd like to fuck, ooh
Come use my cane
I got some soup
Now come and drink it up
Doo-doo in that diaper
Girl you stink it up
Hit it from the back
I lift them wrinkles up
Don't make me soft
Our age difference
A big deal, but if
You let me eat your ass
Then you can suck my dick
Stop playing girl
And come here cause
I'm already hard

[Hook]
Girl, I know you wanna
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck me
Stop playing around now

[Outro]
I'm hungry
Now I'm lonely
I need your pussy
Don't keep me starving
I'm hungry
Now I'm lonely
I need your pussy
Don't keep me starving, bitch



[Chorus: Saba]
The best song is probably on the B-side
Won't be surprised when the label deny
Disagree, Grey
The best song was probably on the demo
But that's not the one that got you your limo
Limousine, grey
The single the one that wasn't as honest
But this is what they say make you the hottest
In the game, grey, grey

[Verse 1: Saba]
Sometimes I think about the pressures of a artist
And what it takes to be called a
Success even with no college we barely even considered
Don't label me with them niggas, infatuation with plastic
I wanted it to be realer, first they wanted the hip-hop
And then they wanted guerilla and then they wanted drug dealer
And then they wanted a dancer now they want a drug addict
Infatuation with plastic, white girl want to be sister
Driver want to be walker and walker want to be sitter

[Chorus: Saba]
The best song is probably on the B-side
Won't be surprised when the label deny
Disagree, grey
The best song was probably on the demo
But that's not the one that got you your limo
Limousine, grey
The single the one that wasn't as honest
But this is what they say make you the hottest
In the game, grey, grey

[Verse 2: Saba]
Sometimes I think about the pressures of the label
And what it take to get paid for
Discoverin' art, they ain't no existed', I know it ain't yo
Intention to try and change me, multi-million, your children
Private school they attendin' an album sellin' what did it
I shuck and jive, a good nigga, split the pie and I'm silent
I'ma give you your single and you just give me the finance
"Saba, if it's so bad then, hey why the hell are they signin'?"
Cause sitter want to be walker and walker want to be drivin'

[Chorus: Saba]
The best song is probably on the B-side
Won't be surprised when the label deny
Disagree, grey
The best song was probably on the demo
But that's not the one that got you your limo
Limousine, grey
The single the one that wasn't as honest
But this is what they say make you the hottest
In the game, grey

[Verse 3: Saba]
Care for me carefully, back with more clarity
Back like consecutive
I told you motherfuckers like Oedipus
Heather B, Sway in the Morning
Painting that paint like a portrait
Action, I ain't for the talking
Ain't for the fame but the fortune cool
Alterin' the altitude
Offerin' the thought for food
Authoring that art that move, mm
Carefully editing every word
Everything got to be charity
Give it my all, these melodies therapy
I keep it thoroughly, PIVOT the legacy
How could you not be moved?
I don't give them an option to, mm
Don't nobody want to be great
Everybody want to be seen
And nobody want to be quiet

Everything is (Grey!)
Everything is (Grey!), everything is (Grey!)
Everything is (Grey!), mm
Care for me carefully, back with more clarity
Back like consecutive, I told you, look
Everything is grey, everything is grey
Everything is grey, everything



[Intro]
Alright
Uh, uh, uh

[Hook]
Good grief, I been reaping what I sowed
Nigga, I ain't been outside in a minute
I been living what I wrote
And all I see is snakes in the eyes of these niggas
Momma taught me how to read 'em when I look
Miss me at the precinct getting booked
Fishy niggas stick to eating off of hooks
Say you eating, but we see you getting cooked, nigga

[Verse 1]
I don't act hard, I'm a hard act to follow, nigga
Like it or not, when it drop, bet he gotta listen
Chasing dragons, tryna make it happen, on a mission
Step into the shadows, we could talk addiction
When it's harmful where you going and the part of you that know it
Don't give a fuck, pardon me for going into details
3-7-6 was a brothel
We had females come in every hour on the dot
And the shit sound like a gavel when it knock
Focused on my chatter, ain't as frantic as my thoughts
Lately I've been panicking a lot
Feeling like I'm stranded in a mob, scrambling for Xanax out the canister to pop
Never getting out of hand
Steady handling my job, time damaging my ties
Who turn to get up? Get dude turned to dinner quick
You circus niggas, you turning into tricks
I was making waves, you was surfing in 'em
Dealing with the stomach pains just from birthing niggas' shit
Cut the grass off the surface
Pray the lawnmower blade catch the back of a serpent nigga's shit
Bitch

[Hook]
Good grief, I been reaping what I sowed
Nigga, I ain't been outside in a minute
I been living what I wrote
And all I see is snakes in the eyes of these niggas
Momma taught me how to read 'em when I look
Miss me at the precinct getting booked
Fishy niggas stick to eating off of hooks
Say you eating, but we see you getting cooked, nigga

[Verse 2]
My fleeting thoughts on a leash
For the moment, high as fuck
I've been alone in my shit, for the longest
Snakes sliding in the street
Momma taught me how to not be like the bodies lying in them
Pigs, riding in 'em
I'm a target so it's hard to even eye me in 'em
If he ain't dying for me, then I ain't riding with him
There's no time for that
Making sure my man wallet's straight
Like a collar when you iron that
Thinking 'bout my grandmama, find a bottle
I'mma wallow when I lie in that
I just want my time and my mind intact
When they both gone, you can't buy 'em back

[Outro]



[Intro]
Grindin’, grindin’
Grindin’, grindin’
Grindin’, grindin’
Grindin’, grindin’

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I’m grindin’, I’m grindin’, I’m grindin’ I promise
I fuck her until I get tired, retire and then come out retirement
My girl like it rough she said “find me a diamond”
Her body be grindin’
Lord we be on every kind of narcotic
That make us believe, when we lyin’, we honest, I love you
Pick, Michael Jackson to Jordan to Tyson to Myers
Too much dirty money when the colors
Are washing the whites in the dryer my nigga
It ain’t rocket science just rockets
I sleep in pussy not pajamas, grindin'
I got this shit down to a science, I turn in my project, A minus
Whew, I ain’t crazy, I’m krazy and all of my niggas chaotic
Dressed in all black like they gothic
Music too loud to hear sirens, we pop, pop, pop up where you stay
Knock, knock, knock, anyone home?
Pop, pop, pop, pop then we outtie
I need a bitch like Naomi to take off her clothes like Leilani for niggas that’s grindin’

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Nigga I’m grindin’ for all my shit
Grindin’ for all my shit
Yeah, I’m grindin’ for all my shit
I put time into all this shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit
Perfect timing with all my shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
The feds be spying on all of us nigga
These hoes be lying to all of us nigga
I got news for the monogamous niggas
Yo' bitch fucking anonymous niggas
I done seen it all my nigga
'Cause these hoes seeing all of my niggas
'Cause what’s the hottest shit on these corners?
That’s me and all my niggas
Grind for all this shit, I ain’t ever fall for that bitch
'Cause picking up the feather from a lovebird
Is like a medicine ball to that bitch
We'll bring Gucci bag in this bitch
And you know what's stashed in that bitch
These niggas walk around with they chests out
Like Janet Jackson and shit
I’m sweatin’ grindin’ this bitch, I need a shrine in this bitch
Fuck double O seven, I work twenty-four seven
Ain’t got time to bond with no bitch
Heard Jay Z got a new Cognac, where to find that shit?
The weed sticky, grind that shit
Where I got it from? Nevermind that shit

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Nigga I’m grindin’ for all my shit
Grindin’ for all my shit
Yeah, I’m grindin’ for all my shit
I put time into all this shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit
Perfect timing with all my shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit

[Verse 3: Drake]
I got a new vision for all my shit
I don’t know what to call that shit
I know, I’m selling all of my cars
I’m selling all of my watches
I’m selling diamonds and all of that shit
Realized I don’t need that shit
I’m a different breed with this shit
I’m tryna turn M’s to B’s in this bitch
And I ain’t ever pay to be with no bitch
I, I, I want that Brigitte Bardot hanging over my bed
Fifty mill' in one room, you, you could ask anyone out here
Who running the game? And they’ll tell you the truth
Man, they'll tell you
Oh look, they fuck with me now
I think they’re hearin' me now
Someone said "Nigga they takin' you seriously now"
I’m like "I think they just might be scared of me now"
But it’s all good, niggas wrong every day, niggas wrong every day
Go, goin' to LA where I’m tryna get high and do a song every day
Safe, we ain’t ever have to play it safe
I would rather stack it up and put it in a safe
Then peek inside the safe and see I’m runnin' out of space
Mothafucka that’s grindin'

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Nigga I’m grindin’ for all my shit
Grindin’ for all my shit
Yeah, I’m grindin’ for all my shit
I put time into all this shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit
Perfect timing with all my shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
(Grindin’, grindin’) Perfect timing
(Grindin’, grindin’)
(Grindin’, grindin’)
I would rather stack it up and put it in the safe
Then peek inside the safe and say I’m running out of space
Believe that

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Scoob, find another oo-wop
Tell them niggas cool out
'Cause it can be a mohafucking shoot-out
Kidnap a nigga, beat the truth out
Moms pick the suit out
Top floor, window he get threw out
Deuce out, pussy bitches, deuce out
Flying out the crew out, they flew out
Invite 'em to my new house, my new house
I’m fucking every night up in my new house
'Cause bitch I worked too hard for this new house, grindin’
I’m fucking every night up in my new house
'Cause bitch I worked too hard for this new house, I'm grindin’
I’m fucking every night up in my new house
'Cause bitch I worked too hard for this new house, I’m grindin’

[Outro]
Twap, twap!
Twap, twap!
In the new house, we got the twap



[Intro]
I've been grindin' my whole life, nigga
I've been grindin' my whole life, Rosenberg
I've been grindin' my whole life, Fam
Yo, let me see, yo, uh

[Verse 1]
Stuntin' on the low so they feel better
Damn, why they hatin' on a real nigga?
East side Atlanta where they kill niggas
I was in a coma but I stayed with you
I'll be right by your side, radio play me that new 3005
Bino won't die, illest rapper alive
See what's up with Fredo when I'm out in the Chi
Murder everything I touch, but I don't know why
And he can get the business, your girlfriend love me
Turn it up, who is this? Shots at your fitted
Gra-ta-ta, are we not that fly?
Are we not young God, is this not black excellence?
I could lie to you people but my soul too sensitive
Gam-b, y'all ain't got shit on me, man I'm so fly, like XYZ
Threat to the throne, man, I'ma murder this
You are such a poser, you ain't ever heard of this
Shots at you fake boys walkin' 'round in turtlenecks
And a du-rag? Wanna be me so bad
And the hair so homeless, record labels want us
Bino well read, like Octobers
Hit me on my Snapchat, hit me on my Nextel Chirp
Run up on them boys, get murked
Nigga sit down, he can't stand me
Curly black hair, bright pink panties
Blush on the vanity, tanner with her ass out
We don't have to love each other, she just wanna cash out
Stone Mountain bitch, run it off a mixtape
This is for my niggas up in Onyx getting shitfaced
He just dropped a mixtape, she got so excited
Took her to a Clippers game and niggas ain't invited
Drugs on the rider, need to clean my act up
Man, I thought he was an actor
Thought he was a fuckin' joke, when I wrote them fuckin' notes
Everything I do is dope, I hope you niggas overdose
I hope you niggas hear the truth, so honest in my interviews
If Parker Lewis couldn't lose, I'm blackin' out at Tongue & Groove
Royalty, I run the crew, we them boys

[Interlude]
Yo, I've been grindin' my whole life, nigga
Nah I'm talkin' 'bout?
I'm just sayin' I'm grindin' my whole life, nigga
Nah know I'm talkin' 'bout?
Yo, I got some more, I got some more, yeah, yeah
Let me see, Imma try and go in, uh, uhm

[Verse 2]
Mothafuckin' right, we the niggas huffin' OG
In the club tryna keep it lowkey
She was all on my D, then we fell out of it
Cause I'm never really there and she tired of it
Real nigga shit, real love, real pain, real intimate
These niggas so scared, I'm killin' it
These niggas so scared, I'm killin' it
So serious, gave the wrong young niggas money
They gave the wrong young niggas money
Gave the wrong young niggas money
Schoolin' these niggas, got so many zeros they think I'm a dummy
Unlike these other niggas, man I'm really from Atlanta
This dark-skinned art student with light-skinned advantage
I'm ahead of my time, online messiah
Who spits so much fire that you a God damned liar
If you say he ain't hot, numbers don't lie
Niggas do though, when they say he ain't cold
Niggas need to learn code, man I'm sick with the Python
Mothafucka, I'm ill, born just to die, that's the human curse
The world in my words, spit a universe
I know they hate a nigga down in Spin Mag
Worst album, best song, how you spin that?
The best part is that they love Chance
But our fans are the same, you should fuck with your man
And I wonder what they'd say if that EP drop
"His verse was wack, his verse was hot"
I'm on my jock cause I don't need these hoes
They're all the same so I don't need these clothes
Same white shirt with his nappy ass hair
Like "bitch do I look like I care?"
Nah, in the end they will notice that we've been God
I watched these niggas switch jerseys when your team lost
And yet it's bitch move nigga, make the show 6 figures
Then you fly to Kauai for a week off
And his girl's body lookin' like a centaur
They do what they can, I do what I want
Let's move it along, the point of this song
I think you doin' fine all the time, drop a fuckin' bomb, nigga Vietnam
On my mom with my hand to God
So my hand's on my fuckin' chest, but you didn't notice
Niggas hang around like we didn't notice
Niggas can't help me but they want a selfie
Cause their girl is a fan and they really love us?
Know behind closed doors
You fuck with the kid or you still not sure? Be a man about it
Don't talk your shit and shake hands about it
Be a man, I doubt it, I don't know

[Outro]
I've been grindin' my whole life



[Produced by RandomBlackDude]

[Intro]
I acquire fame...
At naming hoes
That's what I did
I don't give a fuck, nigga
So why'd they evict you, bro?

[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt & Da$h]
Feel this cage when that acid fade
Face the same, but your mind has changed
You desire a stable home, I acquire fame at naming hoes
Contemplating ways of getting dome
Plotting on my neighbors
Asking God for favors, guess he isn’t home
Probably 'cause that fucking faith I didn't show
Skipping church, flip the work
Hit the dirt like Tommy Drummond, bitch
Grew up in a home that papa wasn’t in
Came up off of work that my conscience wasn't in
Either way it goes, a lot is getting hit
And if it wasn’t hoes, then it probably was a lick
Got burners on my soul, and my posse on my skin
Sweaty, D-A-Dolla, top lotto picks
Promise that I'm not the one to fucking plot against
Love him, but my father ain't my motherfucking friend
Trying to figure out how to start a motherfucking end
Huh, trend dodging, keep a bitch by me, bank roll
Garbage bag full of sins, cleanse my soul to rap still, nigga
Cash is in hand, packs get vac sealed, like the Tin Man
Cardiac still missing, is it past real, get it, work, make Guinness

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt]
Don't know where I'm going, don't know where I been
Never trust these hoes, can't even trust my friends
Tell that bitch to roll up, you fucking with some grown ups
Don't know where I'm going, don't know where I been
Never trust these hoes, can't even trust my friends
Tell that bitch to roll up, you fucking with some grown ups

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt & Da$h]
My mama wonder why I never seem to reach her
See my daddy in the way I'm acting and my facial features
Just trying to put you on, dawg, I came from teachers
Take the plate and clean it, nigga, I'm a dog
Tell her "hit or miss me with the fucking monologue"
Lord, I can't fight it, know I'm tryna brawl
Get a copper hauled off, shit
I'm the type of nigga that you cop your raw off
Popping whores off
Grab the ball and these niggas call charge
Team switching jerseys like it's All Star
Press the OnStar, think we all lost



[Verse 1: Mac Miller]
Said this a hit of liquid heroin
Marilyn Manson channeling
Panicking, spar with Anakin
'til one of us leave in an ambulance
Blow the smoke of the spliff in your eyes
You ain't gon' live 'til you die
Intelligent bitch on my side
She bitching I'm spitting habitual lies
I hit her up when my jet land
Got a swisher tucked in my headband
Front page news, I'm young Jesus
Eating bagels with no cable on
Been fucking hoes since when Mase was on
I hope that Based God hear my prayers
One day you're here, the next day you're gone
So me and Earl smoking weed on Jay Z's lawn
Some dope rap on your ho ass, Tony Womack
Don't hold back, no, feed your girl Cognac
Meet a bitch, sleeping wit her, feverish, diva chick
Met her off Twitter even Schindler keeps a list
Pittsburgh, broke down somewhere in a Fisker
I could pull your bitch with a whisper and diss her
Dumbass ho
She only dumb cause she love that though
Somewhere getting high reading Juxtapoz
I hit her up she come through and watch Adjustment Bureau
("That's a good movie!")
Moms love me cause I'm so commercial
I fuck 'em raw cause I know they fertile
In Myrtle Beach with a purple fleece
Hotel lobbies playing Für Elise
I'm Ron Burgundy mixed with Hercules
Slap a bitch in the mouth if she curse at me
I said Josh's beard is like Paul Revere
When he walk in the room it's like God is here
I'm at a prop shop in Montauk throwing tomohawks
At civilians... I'm chilling

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
I'm on the monitor nigga
She taking it like a champ and I'm proud of her, nigga
I'm on the couch where that loud is burning
I'm shouting, "I don't fuck with you" cause I don't
Never love a ho
But we could play doctor, ma, open wide for thermometer
Your cowgirl's crotch riding with a clean, faded fro, lopsided
Tell the label that I want a white driver
And tell him give me space, I don't know that nigga
Bold-ass little fuckin' low-class villian
Whole van tinted, nope can't kill him
It's the Trashwang nigga, that's what's up
Half pint of hope in that plastic cup
Real nigga from the start 'til the casket shut
Present his own case as a basket one
Present-day based nigga, smack the judge
Riding with them same niggas ashin' blunts
While that bass make his face like he mad or somethin'
Slide in the safe, take the cash and run
Know that if he fake I'm harrassin' him
Took the big toe so they tagged the tongue
Out here stuntin' like I'm supposed to, dog
Blowing more smoke than a broke exhaust
Pipe only spirit that I hold's menthol
It's Wolf Gang bitch, like you know these paws
Living like it's '62, spit and grip my genitals
My bitch'll split the Swisher, my niggas split the residuals

[Outro]
Hey, it's marijuana fields, pot growing
Blaring Gil Scott Heron while we pill pop
Errand run and kill cop
Niggas know I feel not for 'em, stop bitching, bruh
Stare and get that grill knocked open
Hey, it's marijuana fields, pot growing
Blaring Gil Scott Heron while we pill pop
Errand run and kill cop
Niggas know I feel not for 'em, stop bitching, bruh
Stare and get that grill knocked open



[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean, S1, Travis Scott, and Ackeejuice Rockers]

[Intro: Kanye West]
I need to call it off
I need to, I need to make it known
'nother one, something gone
Capricorn
Dancing out on the lawn
Fancy like the things she likes
She lives her life
I'm living mine

[Hook: Popcaan]
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, sof-sof-softer sof-softer
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, softer than clay

[Verse: Kanye West]
Maybe it's 'cause she into Leos and I was into trios
Plus all the trips to Rio couldn't have helped
It's gettin' cold, better bring your ski clothes
Peekin' through the keyhole, the door locked by myself
And I'm feelin' it right now
'Cause it's the time when my heart got shot down
Blocka, blocka, blocka-blocka, blocka
Pour a little champagne, cranberry vodka
Feelin' lied to like parents never said you adopted
Your feelings like Zulu, then nothing is a Shaka
I hit her with Jamaican dick, I'm the new Shabba
She lookin' for her daddy, call me Big Poppa
On to the next saga
Focus on the future and let the crew knock her
Star Wars fur, yeah, I'm rockin' Chewbacca
The one Chief Rocka, number-one Chief Rocka

[Hook: Popcaan]
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, sof-sof-softer sof-softer
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, softer than clay

[Bridge: Popcaan]
None ah dem have the guts to rise it and spray
None ah dem have the guts to bust the SK

[Interlude: Kid Cudi]
Ohh, ohh, ohh
If you love me so much then why'd you let me go?
If you love me so much then why'd you let me go?
If you love me so much then why'd you let me go?
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go
If you love me so much then why'd you let me go?
Let me go, let me go

[Hook: Popcaan]
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, sof-sof-softer sof-softer
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, softer than clay

[Bridge: Popcaan]
None ah dem have the guts to rise it and spray
None ah dem have the guts to bust the SK



[Intro Skit]
(Narrator): Running desperately low on food, they were forced to turn back
(Interjection): Well I'll be!
(Interjection 2): What's that villain doing?

(Voice 1): Princess, your voice sounds familiar
(Princess): Well it should. You see, DOOM wants me to marry him. But after seeing what he has done to our peaceful world, I despise him. He intends to destroy all of us if I persist in refusing him, even now

[Verse 1: Angelika/StaHHr]
Sheitan never came so ill, he got skill
Met a brother from the grill that gave my spine chills
All thirty three nerves controlling my curves
Common sense just swerved every time I got served
Stress, frustration, empty rhetoric
Cold as winter in Connecticut, compassion lacking deficit
Thought it was love like, sent from above, you not a soulmate
More ways and actions of a primate
Who by low and census coming faker than extensions
Pissed away all good intentions, outta here sister was missin'
Intuition, maybe it was me, I couldn't see
Holding onto fantasy, getting bitten by reality

[Hook: 4ize]
War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife

[Verse 2: Angelika/StaHHr]
I shoulda deaded it from genesis instead of hittin' the Guinnesses
Now I'm free falling, cursing at the street, bawling
He ceased calling, no appetite for feast darling
So deep all in, I bet he never stop balling women
Forsake God for the scent of a man
Sacrifice a whole life for a slice, overstand?
Maybe it's a lack of pigment, loneliness imagine figment
Only got the car tinted to pull extra G's in it
Damn Jody, comin with the okie doke, pokie poke
Steady rockin boats, got me aimin for ya throats
Sniper scope, weren't we supposed to elope?
Propose then ya froze, I don't think that I can cope

[Hook: 4ize]
War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife

[Verse 3: Angelika/StaHHr]
Constant frustration, stemming from a no-win situation
Rushing lust and fornication adding to the complication
Patience is a virtue, pain run deep when love desert you
Listenin' to whisperin', choosing chaos over discipline
Simpleton, life should really be a piece of intimance
Relationships strengthening, flower essence: Penstemon
Gentlemen, my favorite shit, so I've never forsaken it
I persevere, make it fit, sculpting and reshaping it
Taking sips off a fifth of it, passionate, intense
Incense candles lit, scandalous
Emotional bandages, why would he abandon this?
Guess he couldn't handle it, the boss is magnanimous

[Hook: 4ize]
War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife

[Outro Skit]
(Interjection): Oh boy here we go!
(Voice): How come all you college boys wear them faggotty-looking white shoes, the look funny as hell. Ah looks like she got burnt laces

(Bert): You didn't wash your neck. Sometimes we don't wash our necks, but that's ok
(Ernie): Oh I washed my neck. Take-take a look at my neck

(Misc. Voice): Hold it right there you!
(DOOM): Where you are going, there are no jokes

(Spiderman): I'm beginning to think that armor plated Gargoyle doesn't like me



[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
These niggas take me for granted, what would hap' if I vanish?
Bet a hunnid they'd panic, my shooters only speak Spanish
Keep my heart with my dogs, keep my car in the yard
I can't drive it nowhere so I'll let you niggas take off
Seen the shit that they drop, that shit not instantly hot
I give that instant re-bop, that replay value go off
That make my value go up, I keep that bow in my cup
My niggas rolling, got that going with a thousand to bust
That nigga Kevin can't rap, he too sappy with his shit
He don't rep me with his shit, he on that teenage bullshit
And he 'bout 20 and shit? When he let go of that shit?
He'll prolly be a little colder, y'all agree with me? Shit
That nigga need to act his age, he ain't acting like a grown up
Ain't that boy from Texas? He ain't acting like a soldier
Knew that boy in high school, man, that nigga wasn't awkward
And I know his mama, man, that nigga just a liar

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Cash don't last, my friends will ride with me
Keep 'em in my bag, we robbed a limousine
When the guns go pow, won't bother us again
I don't wanna do it but they keep on pushing me

[Bridge: Merlyn Wood]
Cash don't mean shit (shit), cried my last tears, bitch
Cashed my last check (check), cash don't mean shit (shit)
Cash don't mean shit (shit), cried my last tears, bitch
Cashed my last check (check), cash don't mean shit (shit)

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
Call me King of the Niggas, I need a crown made of thorns
God said, "Let there be light" on the day I was born
Step off the ship with the slaves, then I go hit the stage
I just left in a whip, all I need is a chain
I don't trust no niggas and I don't trust no bitch
'Cause people talk too much, I bought a black fo'-fifth
And a brand new clip, that's my new best friend
'Cause I'm a brand new nigga, in a brand new crib
I ain't sellin' no more, but got my hand in the zip
Whitey gave me the check, I ain't ask for the fame
I used to deal with the grams 'til they put the cam on my face
Now I'm evading the law, I'm on a high-speed chase
I'm in a big-ass truck, I tell 'em, "Get out the way"
I gotta couple of warrants, so I'm leaving my state
Now I'm in Cali today, with the sun on my face
I got a bag of the gas, and a blunt I can face

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
How I'm gon' move at your pace? I'm busy settin' the tone
You think we runnin' together? I'm in a lane of my own
Don't got no friends in this game, it's me and my brothers alone
They thinkin' that we competing, that shit depletin' my bones
I don't need all that energy, they just fuck up my chakras
I put my heart in a locker, they love me when I'm a martyr
They hate me when I'm myself, I can't barter with that
You watch us charter these tracks, it's sticking like tartar and plaque
I need a parlour of plaques, need lobsters and helicopters
I need peace for my niggas, need darker skin for all my doctors
I like to speak like a scholar, like to think like a nigga
In this world I can't wander, no honor behind the trigger
I could get shot in my back and they'd tell the world that I fought 'em
"We ain't taught 'em nothin' new, but somehow they been gettin' smarter"
That's what they sayin' in private, speaking from that entitlement
We still workin' for titles and makin' tidal environments

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Cash don't last, my friends will ride with me
Keep 'em in my bag, we robbed a limousine
When the guns go pow, won't bother us again
I don't wanna do it but they keep on pushing me
Cash don't last, my friends will ride with me
Keep 'em in my bag, we robbed a limousine
When the guns go pow, won't bother us again
I don't wanna do it but they keep on pushing me

[Bridge: Matt Champion]
Fuck, put ya ante up, riding in the limousine
I'm stuck on some bud I hit, under concrete canopy
Fuck all this energy, you just wanna bring me down
Fuck all your energy, you just wanna bring me down
Fuck, put the windows up, blowin' past the exit now
Up like a money shot, swerve into the sunset
Me and all my boys jet, swerving like a doughnut
Off, off, off, off, swerving like a doughnut

[Outro: Kevin Abstract & JOBA]
Nigga, what?
Pull up, pull up, pull up, pull up, pull up if you want to
Nigga, what?
Pull up, pull up, pull up, pull up, pull up if you want to
Nigga, what?
Pull up, pull up, pull up, pull up, pull up if you want to
Nigga, what? Y-yo



[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Bitch ass niggas don't know me, new sandwich with bologna
I ain't really y'all niggas friends, none of you motherfuckers is my homie
I bought a brand new treat, y'all niggas don't know me
A B C, 1 2 3, AK-47 hit a nigga in his teeth
He can talk a lot of shit but don't really wanna be handling the motherfucking business that he needs to
I'm a hit a motherfucking nigga in the back when I see you
Fuji Water, Fuji Water, I'mma go and piss on my daughter
You don't believe me, I'm a monster

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt]
Real nigga on the track bitch
Come through with the sandwich
That's bread, lettuce, cheese, mustard, bread, crumble

[Verse 2: Domo Genesis]
Uh, you know the buick got the suicide
Roll up on that buick nigga you're gone die
You will never know who in fucking side
I come through commit a fucking suicide
I got nine knives, nine lives, nine bags of chips
Nine bitches, we about to go on a field trip

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt]
Sandwich, bread, lettuce, cheese, tomato, mustard, bread, crumble
Sandwich, bread, lettuce, cheese, tomato, ketchup, mustard
Who you trying to fuck with

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
Not me nigga, because I got the heat nigga
If you got a fucking problem nigga I will motherfucking lay the shit down like lyrics on a
Beat nigga Get your ass beat nigga, Talk shit to me
I don't like that, I'll put a fucking bundle of bananas in my fucking ass

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt]
Real nigga what's up
Lettuce, cheese, tomato, mustard, bread, crumble
(I look like J. Cole, I look like J. Cole)

[Verse 4: Tyler, The Creator]
My new, my new, my new bitch got a new line up
Rolex with the time up
Don't believe I'm the best nigga, playback rewind up
I give no fucks. Do I give fucks?
(Ayo Clancy)
I give no fucks

[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator]
These niggas got a problem on their hands
It might be me, It might be me

[Bridge: Earl Sweatshirt]
If you wanna be the one for me
You're gonna have to show me your motherfucking back handling skills
Bro that's on me for realla, real nigga in the spot
I might come through with a Glock, and kill you
We gone sing until the night's over, What you looking at boy
(Ready?)

[Verse 5: Tyler, The Creator]
Call me wavy, the way that I'm cappin' ya
All black guns like I'm going to war with Africa
Nigga got a problem, I'll be...
Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, Trash Wang

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt]
Lettuce, cheese, mustard, tomato, lettuce, bread, crumble(tasty)
Sandwich, lettuce, bread, cheese, mustard, crumble, we who you trying to fuck with?

[Verse 6: Tyler, The Creator]
Pussy nigga think he trying to talk shit to me on Facebook and Twitter?
Call me Mark Maguire, I'mma hitter

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt]
Sandwich , lettuce, cheese, mustard, tomato (where your sandwich at)
Tomato, bread (scrumpcious), I like bread

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
Bitches know I'm the bomb, I mustard
You can call me dijon



[Intro: 2Pac]
Makaveli in this, Killuminati
All through your body (All through your body)
That blows like a 12-gauge shotty (uh) feel me!
(Come with me Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see)
And God said he should send his one begotten son
(What do we have here now Do you wanna ride or die)
To lead the wild into the ways of the man
Follow me! (La la-da-la la la la la)
Eat my flesh, flesh of my flesh!

[Hook: 2Pac]
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La la-da-la la la la la

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I ain't a killer, but don't push me
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin' pussy
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words bein' quoted
Peeped the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
Bow down, pray to God, hopin' that he's listenin'
Seein' niggas comin' for me and my diamonds when they glistenin'
Now pay attention: bless me please, Father, I'm a ghost
In these killing fields, Hail Mary, catch me if I go
Let's go deep inside the solitary mind of a madman
Screams in the dark, evil lurks, enemies see me flee
Activate my hate, let it break to the flame
Set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim
Some say the game is all corrupt and fucked in this shit
Stuck, niggas is lucky if we bust out this shit
Plus, Mama told me never stop until I bust a nut
Fuck the world if they can't adjust, it's just as well, Hail Mary

[Hook: 2Pac]
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La la-da-la la la la la

Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La la-da-la la la la la

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Penitentiaries is packed with promise-makers
Never realize the precious time that bitch niggas is wastin'
Institutionalized, I live my life a product made to crumble
But too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble
We ballin', catch me, Father, please
‘Cause I'm fallin' in the liquor store
Pass the Hennessy, I hear you callin', can I get some more?
Hell, 'til I reach Hell, I ain't scared
Mama checkin' in my bedroom, I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it, what can I do?
One life to live, but I got nothin' to lose
Just me and you on a one-way trip to prison, sellin' drugs
We all wrapped up in this livin', life as thugs
To my homeboys in Clinton Max doin' their bid
Raise hell to this real shit and feel this
When they turn out the lights, I'll be there in the dark
Thuggin' eternal through my heart; now hail Mary, nigga!

[Hook: 2Pac] ×2
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La la-da-la la la la la

[Verse 3: Kastro]
They got a APB out on my thug family
Since Outlawz run these streets like these scandalous freaks
Our enemies die now, walk around half-dead
Head down, K-blasted off of Hennessy and Thai chronic
Mixed in, now I'm twisted, blistered and high
Visions of me thug-livin' gettin' me by
Forever live, and I multiply, survived by thugs
When I die they won't cry unless they comin' with slugs

[Verse 4: Young Noble]
Peep the whole scene and whatever's goin' on around me
Brain kind of cloudy, smoked out, feelin' rowdy
Ready to wet the party up
And whoever in that mothafucka, nasty new street slugger
My heat seeks suckers on the regular
Mashin' in a stolen Black Ac' Integra
Cocked back, 60 seconds 'til the draw, that's when I'm deadin' ya
Feet first, you've got a nice gat but my heat's worse
From a thug to preachin' church
I gave you love, now you eatin' dirt
Needin' work, and I ain't the nigga to put you on
‘Cause word is bond; when I was broke, I had to hustle 'til dawn
That's when the sun came up, there's only one way up
Hold your head and stay up
To all my niggas, get your pay and weight up

[Bridge: Kadafi]
If it's on, then it's on, we rape beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealin' with fate, hopin' God don't close the gate
If it's on, then it's on, we rape beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealin' with fate, hopin' God don't close the gate

[Hook: 2Pac] ×4
Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La la-da-la la la la la

[During Hook: Prince Ital Joe]
We've been travelin' on this weary road
Sometimes life can be a heavy load
But we ride, ride it like a bullet
Hail Mary, hail Mary
We won't worry, everything will curry
Free like the bird in the tree
We won't worry, everything will curry
Yes, we free like the bird in the tree
We runnin' from the penitentiary
This is the time for we liberty
Hail Mary, hail Mary!

[Outro: 2Pac]
Westside, Outlawz
Makaveli the Don, solo
Killuminati, The 7 Days



[Intro: Woman (Kanye West)]
(First of all, this song right here got...)
You say what is it that you want?
(...a long ass intro)
You got everything that a woman could ever need in life
(you got everything)
You got a closet full of minks, Chinchilla
(You got beats from Kanye)
I got a bureau full of diamonds
(What else ya need?)
I can change four times a day if I want to
You even tryin' to eat lobster and drink champagne
Now you know that ain't your roots
For you strictly a collard green and cornbread bit
Now you know if anybody know it, I know
But since you feel like that this evening
Sit down (Know what?) and drink some champagne with me
And let me rap to you

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
You'll never catch me in that baby momma Benz again
I'm pushin' a G5
All the girls sayin' that his hair look Indian
And ain't never seen him and MCM
Now I don't like fake boobies but I'd do it to Lil' Kim (Yes I would)
We gon' roll this weed
We gon' play like Sonny Bono and hit these trees soon as we get alone
I'm doin' beats for pro bono soon as we get to bone
Now she like a lot of clothes, I like to see her out of 'em
She got a lot exposed, pump up the volume
Pump up the volume, dance, dance
Don't give Kanye a chance
'Cause I'm a Gemini with two sides and two rides
Y'all talkin' business, I'm peepin' her thighs
Look, I'm tryin' to hit that back end 'fore I get that back in
Called Trina and "Do she need that beat tracked again?"

[Hook: Kanye West]
'Cause I came back for you
To show you that I'm workin' with a little somethin'
And we get the session pumpin'
See, I came back for you
'Cause any rap chick that look half nice
I'm givin' 'em half price

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Back when Eve went with Steve before she had her weave
I was sendin' beat tapes like you wouldn't believe
Back when Foxy had a group with Nas and AZ
The way she looked on Chyna Doll, I woulda did them beats for free
'Cause only recently I been gettin' a decent fee
The checks I got from D-Dot was t-teasin' me
I bought some earrings like, "Baby, that may be fake"
But at least it got girls callin' me 'Babycakes'
Now maybe Kay can get a ménage with Lazy K
And Lady May, maybe, hey?
You're lookin' all thick and sweet
You need a nigga that can give you dick and beats
So go and get Angie and tell her

[Hook: Kanye West]
'Cause I came back for you
To show you that I'm workin' with a little somethin'
And we get the session pumpin'
See, I came back for you
'Cause any rap chick that look half nice
I'm givin' 'em half price

[Outro: Kanye]
Got a two for head sale
Send, send headshots first though
Will you beat tapes for who? Oh, Trina?
Oh, I'm right there, I'm right there
I'll be the- I'll be in studio in five minutes
Yo yo, she said she want her ass look gushy wet
I told her all I need is my back end check
I told her to—
I ain't finish that verse



[Intro: André 3000]
My name is Cupid Valentino, the modern day Cupid
And I just want to say one thing

[Verse 1: André 3000]
Happy Valentine's Day (Every day the 14th)
I don't think y'all heard me
I just wanna say Happy Valentine's Day (Every day the 14th)
Can y'all dig that?
Now when arrows don't penetrate, see (Cupid grabs the pistol)
Uh, yeah, now, now lookie here
He shoots straight for your heart, now, and he won't miss you
But that's alright, y'all won't believe in me anyway, but

[Chorus: Joi and Screechy Peach & André 3000]
Ya won't believe in me
But you would fancy leprechauns or groundhogs
No, thank you, Easter Bunny
There's all this talk about Santa Claus, but see
Love will rule supreme

[Verse 2: André 3000]
Happy Valentine's Day (Every day the 14th)
You got it, when Cupid knocks at your door (You can't ignore me)
There's no need to run
So, Happy Valentine's Day, hey (Every day the 14th)
Now I may have it all wrong, see
If you know what loves mean, well
Well, somebody tell me
'Cause they just don't believe in me

[Chorus: Joi and Screechy Peach & André 3000]
Ya won't believe in me
But you would fancy leprechauns or groundhogs
No, thank you, Easter Bunny
There's so much fuss about Santa Claus, but see
Cupid will not be defeated

[Verse 3: André 3000]
Happy Valentine's Day, every day the 14th
Now, I know your hearts have grown cold
And that bothers me
Now, I understand, 'cause I used to be a bad boy in my day
I know you tryin' to protect your lil' feelings
But you can't run away
Ho-oh

[Chorus: Joi and Screechy Peach & André 3000]
Ya won't believe in me
But you would fancy
Hey, don't you supposed to be
Some kind of player, or something?
Bunny

[Post-Chorus: André 3000]
Well, keep on running, player
'Cause I got my good shoes on
And I got 'em tied up tight
So you gon' find out tonight

[Verse 4: André 3000]
Got a sweet lil' darlin' back in my corner
Below, I know I love her, but act like I don't want her
Surrounded by the lovely, but yet, feel like a loner
Could be an organ donor the way I give up my heart
But never know because, shit, I never tell her
Ask me how I'm feeling, I'd holla that it's irrele–
I don't get myself caught up in the Jello jella
And pudding pops, that others opt to call falling in love
But for the record, have you ever rode a horse?
Like for you to send me to Pluto, I said, "Of course!"
But if you ain't a sweety, indeedy, I won't endorse
Han Solo 'til I'm hit by the bullet, so may the force
Be with you and I'll hit you when better time permits
For now, show me samples, examples why you're the shit
But how am I to know with the profession that I'm in?
And if you do not know me then how could you be my friend?

[Outro: Joi and Screechy Peach & André 3000]
Happy Valentine's, Happy Valentine's
Happy Valentine's Day (Happy Valentine's Day)
Happy Valentine's, Happy Valentine's
Happy Valentine's Day (Happy Valentine's Day)
Happy Valentine's, Happy Valentine's
Happy Valentine's Day (Happy Valentine's Day)
Happy Valentine's, fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day (Fuck that Valentine's Day)
Fuck that Valentine's, fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day (Fuck that Valentine's Day)
Fuck that Valentine's, fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day (Fuck that Valentine's Day)
Fuck that Valentine's, fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day (Fuck that Valentine's Day)
Fuck that Valentine's, fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day



[Hook]
This is normal, it's normal now
(They said it's) Normal, it's normal, it's normal now
(They said it's) Normal, it's normal now
(They said it's) Normal, it's normal, it's normal now

Everybody get involved
It's holiday in the wasteland
Quit tripping y'all
It's holiday in the wasteland

[Verse 1]
(One-two, one-two.)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
When the king is a garbage person
I might wanna lay down and die
Power down all my darkest urges
Keep my personal crown up high
I'm the king of my lonely island
Home is high they can't reach my house
I put out all the garbage fires
Squeeze the cider right in my mouth
Everything is not ordinary
Things begin and then have to die
Everything that's been dead and buried
It ain't supposed to come back alive
Now we all in a zombie movie
Only weapon is common sense
Zombie sheriffs is tryna to lynch us
Guess I'll call up my congressmen
Pick a day for a celebration
Make a circle on Halloween
Party under your pile of garbage
Can't see out then just follow me
When the king is a garbage person
I might wanna lay down and die
Power down all my darkest urges
Keep my personal crown up high

[Pre-Chorus]
One day without violence
No bombs, no gunshots
Can we get one day without fear
No sirens, no lights
Can we get one day they don't try us?
No bombs, no gunshots
Just like one day the whole year
No violence, no fights
Can the people get one day without violence
No bombs, no gunshots
Can we get one day without fear
No sirens, no lights
Can we get one day they don't try us?
No bombs, no gunshots
Just like one day the whole year
No violence, no fights

[Hook]
Everybody get involved, it's holiday in the wasteland
Quit tripping y'all, it's holiday in the wasteland

This is normal, it's normal now
(They said it's) Normal, it's normal, it's normal now
(They said it's) Normal, it's normal now
(They said it's) Normal, it's normal, it's normal now

[Verse 2]
I was protesting I lost my sign
Standing up cause they crossed my line
Gathered folks and they caught my vibe
If it wasn't for y'all I would've lost my mind
Long season I need this night
Fuel’s low so we reignite
Power’s out so we read by light
No cops allowed they can't read my rights
Power’s out no electro now
Synthesizers all retro sound
First directive's protect your town
Tell the garbage king "we don't respect your crown"
Generator, we back online
No bullshit, we don't have no time
Storm the castle, that flag don't fly
Say fuck the king til that asshole die
Fuck the king, no command, no chief
Since the man was crowned we ain't had no sleep
Dare the man to put hands on me
Or sovereign land that I stand on, B
Protesting I lost my sign
Standing up cause they crossed my line
Gathered folks and they caught my vibe
If it wasn't for y'all I would've lost my mind

[Pre-Chorus]
One day without violence
No bombs, no gunshots
Can we get one day without fear
No sirens, no lights
Can we get one day they don't try us?
No bombs, no gunshots
Just like one day the whole year
No violence, no fights
Can the people get one day without violence
No bombs, no gunshots
Can we get one day without fear
No sirens, no lights
Can we get one day they don't try us?
No bombs, no gunshots
Just like one day the whole year
No violence, no fights

[Hook]
Everybody get involved, it's holiday in the wasteland
Quit tripping y'all, it's holiday in the wasteland

[Outro]
I remember people
I’d like to get to know em
Its kinda like my brain is closed
But my heart is open
Maybe my heart is broken
A comet slammed into the planet
Then it parted oceans
I even started smoking
But then I quit the smoking
I still dream of deep breathing and my lips is open
I'm coming into focus
I used to practice trying to talk like I was Mr. Bogus
I bet a lot of lonely people think of kissing posters



[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Never trust a bitch who finds love in a camera
She will fuck you, then turn around and fuck a janitor
Set the parameters
You either with the pro ballers or the amateurs
I won't let you ruin my dreams or Harvey Weinstein the kid
Good mornin', Matt Lauer, can I live?
Look at my new digs
The rooftop can host a paint and sip for like 40
The Warhols on my wall paint a war story
Had to find other ways to invest
'Cause you rappers found every way to ruin Pateks
It's a nightmare, yeah
I'm too rare amongst all of this pink hair, ooh
Still do the Fred Astaire on a brick
Tap tap, throw the phone if you hear it click
Art Baselin' the bezel
Your bustdown is bust down and don't match the metal
Lower level's where you settle at
I'm the pot callin' the kettle black
Where there's no brake pedals at
Between God and where the Devil's at
Had to double dutch and double back
Then hopscotch through where the trouble's at
Exactly what the game's been missin'
This fire burns hot as Hell's Kitchen, Push

[Chorus: The World Famous Tony Williams & Rick Ross]
Now that's how the ting go, I'm back from Santo Domingo
'Cause that's where the kings go, down in Santo Domingo
Now that's how the ting go, I'm back from Santo Domingo
This for the sneaker hoarders and coke snorters
'Cause that's where the kings go, down in Santo Domingo
From Honda Accords to Grammy awards
Dat's where the kings go

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
I can blow a million dollars into dust
Lord knows how many bottles I've done bust
Still runnin' through the models like I'm Puff
Confront my problems like I'm Ralo in the bluff
Pusha know these politics is paradox
Chillin' in a condo full of ready rock
My homie amputated, but gon' stand for somethin'
I'm dyin' to find a way to get a Grammy from it (Maybach Music)
Watchin' my success for some is bittersweet
Always keep the sharpshooter's triggers tweaked
Diamonds drippin' on me via Tiffany's
All these K-9 units still sniffin' me
Ignorance versus the innocence
It's not the temperature for you in Timberlands
I keep the coldest flows on the hot seat
And you can spot my hoes by their car keys
Another episode full of atrocities
It's double M, baby, money monopolies (Maybach Music)
You scared to see my face in a fancy place
So I debate my case vs. a Nancy Grace
It's flesh and blood 'til I'm fresh as fuck
Still hands on, sucker, press your luck
Your money gone every other month
My money long so the treasure's tucked

[Chorus: The World Famous Tony Williams]
Now that's how the ting go, I'm back from Santo Domingo
'Cause that's where the kings go, down in Santo Domingo
Now that's how the ting go, I'm back from Santo Domingo
'Cause that's where the kings go, down in Santo Domingo
That's where the kings go



[Verse]
Anti-American, I'm pro Assata
Write rhymes like a scholar, all about a dollar
Dollar equals Allah, put away the scouters
You won't see my power, this your final hour
On Nefertiti, this is for the city
Cut throat, you shouldn't fuck with my committee
Kill it, call it Kenny, say it came from Diddy
All you other rappers hella Pooh, no Winnie
Eeny, meeny, miney, moe, tic-tac-toe
Leave a XO on a death note I wrote
Flow on a back stroke in my black clothes
I'm a asshole, got ghost out the atmos
Fear me
Departed them now they fear me
You want a war, bring the gear please
Murdering everyone yearly, sincerely, ultimate

[Chorus]
They wanna scan on my wrist
My whole life been at risk, make a plan for my jit shit
Look at the time on my wrist
Make a play so legit on my hate government shit
They wanna scan on my wrist
My whole life been at risk, make a plan for my jit shit
Look at the time on my wrist
Make a play so legit on my hate government shit
They wanna scan on my wrist
My whole life been at risk, make a plan for my jit shit
Look at the time on my wrist
Make a play so legit on my hate government shit
They wanna scan on my wrist
My whole life been at risk, make a plan for my jit shit
Look at the time on my wrist
Make a play so legit on my hate government shit



[Hook]
Don’t want nobody to die
Don’t want to have to ride but in this game
I guess that’s just the way, I guess that’s just the way
Have it your way

[Verse 1]
It’s gonna be slow singing, flower bringing
Gat clinging, bat swinging, bullets flyin’, niggas dyin’
Mom’s cryin, faggots really don’t want it
Lead coming, blood gushin from ya arms, legs, head and stomach
I felt the hatred, cause when I turned around like the Matrix
Comin for me, an array of bullets headin dead for me
First the one, and then came the two and three and four
Five, six, seven, shots from a mac 11
Platinum producer killed by haters tonight on Channel 7
He do beats for 2Pac, now coming out the spring from Heaven
Ya know my piece is, hotter than grease is
With no wrong way to eat ya face like a Reese’s
Seem like the second I get some shine
Niggas quit they fuckin’ job so they can hate full time
So, gimme the gat, I hit em wit that
Cock back, blat blat
Let me tell you niggas something familiar
Broke niggas don’t want war, man I’ll kill ya

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Oh oh, I get it, this year, niggas don’t dance
But just rock bulletproof hats and steel pants
Now everybody got a gun in they hand, yeah bitch nigga run to ya man
Street sweeper aerials fuck where they land
Niggas close they eyes and don’t aim like My bitch when she pop champagne
Bottles, I tell you bout them damn models
They can’t cook for a lick, but they’ll lick a dick and swallow
Look I been living my life, Bullshittin’ when I write songs
Especially talkin’ bout havin’ ice on and I could barely keep my lights on
Niggas played me like Ty-Son, trying to take my light songs
Cuse they know I’d knock niggas the fuck out the box
Full Glocks, the fuck out the box, cocked
Who the fuck tryin to box right now?
I feel like, my whole city on my back
I feel like, next year, my whole city on the map

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I’m from, Chi town, where the raps the realest
The tracks gorilla, we got the millas and we’ll be at ya scrilla
Close your doors, lock your windows
We be at them execs for them back end checks
Now, We on the court, and we got next up
Now, This summer we got benz, we got Lex truck
It’s kinda like trading places huh? I never plug
But I’m guilty by association, so gangstas show me love
For that track I did, yeah I know, the rest the album wack as shit
Ooooh, its Kanye to the with that platinum shit, ya punk bitch

[Hook]



[Produced by Kanye West and Jon Brion]

[Intro]
Wake up Mr. West - Mr. West - Mr. West...
Uh, yea, uh, yea, uh, yea

[Verse 1]
And I heard 'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
From the Chi, like Tim it's a harder way
So this is in the name of love like Robert say
Before you ask me to go get a job today
Can I at least get a raise of the minimum wage?
And I know that the government administer AIDS
So I guess we just pray like the minister say
Allāhu Akbar and throw in some hot cars
Things we see on the screen that's not ours
But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far
Where I'm from the dope boys is the rock stars
But they can't cop cars without seeing cop cars
I guess they want us all behind bars - I know it

[Hook: Kanye West & Adam Levine]
Uh, and I heard 'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
And I heard 'em say
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
But we'll a find a way
And nothing last forever but be honest babe
It hurts but it may be the only way

[Verse 2]
They say people in your life are seasons
And anything that happen is for a reason
And niggas gun clapping and keep to squeezing
And Gran keep praying and keep believing
In Jesus, and one day that you see him
'Til then walk in his footsteps and try to be him
The devil is alive I feel him breathin
Claiming money is the key, so keep on dreamin
And put them lottery tickets just to tease us
My Aunt Pam can't put them cigarettes down
So now my little cousin smokin them cigarettes now
His job try to claim that he too niggerish now
Is it cause his skin blacker than licorice now
I can't figure it out, I'm sick of it now

[Hook: Kanye West & Adam Levine]
Uh, and I heard 'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
And I heard 'em say
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
But we'll a find a way
And nothing last forever but be honest babe
It hurts but it may be the only way

[Post-Hook: Adam Levine]
With every worthless word we get more far away
And nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
And nothing last forever but be honest babe
It hurts but it may be the only way

[Outro]
Uh, yea, uh, yea, uh, yea



[Hook]
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak

[Verse 1]
I know what your boy like
Skinny tie and a cuff type
He go and make breakfast
You walk around naked
I might just text you
Turn your phone over, when it's all over
No settling down, my text go to your screen
You know better than that
I come around when you least expect me
I'm sitting at the bar when your glass is empty
You thinking that this song's coming on to tempt me
I need to be alone like the way you left me
You start calling, you start crying
I come over, I'm inside you
I can't find you, the girl that I once had
But the sex that we have isn't half bad
The text say that "It's not fair"
That's code for "He's not here"
And I'm-a flirt with this new girl
And I'm-a call if it don't work
So we fuck till we come to conclusions
All the things that we thought we were losing
I'm a ghost and you know this
That's why we broke up in the first place
Cause

[Hook]
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak

[Verse 2]
It's late night Thursday
I know that you heard me
But you don't want the same thing
Well two can play that game
So I'm chilling with my girlfriend
But she not my real girlfriend
She got a key to my place but
She's not my real girlfriend
Stupid, so dummy
Say the wrong thing and wrong girls come runnin'
I'm paranoid that these girls want something from me
And it's hard to make a dime go one hundred
And my dude freakin' out over a worse fate
She on time, but she late for they first date
Cause he went and tried out a new condom
Slipped off in a threesome--good problems?
Right? Wrong
Askin' him if she wanna play games
With the Super Smash Brothers, but none of them you
I miss the sex when you kiss whenever you through
Sixty-nine is the only dinner for two
I was wrong, but would you have listened to you?
Uh, you were crazy
I got a heart, but the artichoke
Is the only thing girls want when you in that smoke
And light

[Hook]
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
I wanted you to know
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak

[Verse 3]
So we're done? This the real shit?
We used to hold hands like field trips
I'm a jerk, but your dude is a real dick
I read his post on your wall and I feel sick
He ain't cool, he ball and all that
But he just a fake nigga who blog in all caps
You couldn't wait to date
I'm going straight for your thighs like the cake you ate
I give a fuck about the niggas that you say you ate
You know that I’m the best when I’m a-fake-tionate
I'm the best that you had, face it
J and Keyshia are related: racist
I give you money, then you burn me, then you made off
She ain't a killer, but she'd fucking blow your head off
I know he wondering, "What the fuck you hiding?"
That we dated like raps about Bin Laden
Ayo, fuck this
Are we dating? Are we fucking?
Are we best friends? Are we something? In between that?
I wish we never fucked, and I mean that

(But not really, you say the nastiest shit in bed and it’s fuckin’ awesome)



Heartless
How could you be so?

[Hook]
In the night I hear them talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
Heartless [x2]

[Verse 1]
How could you be so
Cold as the winter wind when it breeze yo
Just remember that you talking to me though
You need to watch the way you talking to me yo
I mean, after all the things that we been through
I mean, after all the things we got into
Ayyo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
Ayyo, I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna give me back and you gonna show me
So you walk round like you don't know me
You got a new friend
Well I got homies
But in the end it's still so lonely

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You bringing out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we weren't gonna speak, so
Why we up 3 AM on the phone?
Why do she be so mad at me for?
Homie, I don't know she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leaving me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple of months, then you gon’ see
You'll never find nobody, never find nobody better than me

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Talk, and talk, and talk, and talk
Baby let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know about me and you
So I got something new to see
And you just gon’ keep hating me
And we just gon’ be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gon’ take off tonight into the night

[Hook]

How could you be so heartless? [4x]
How could you be so? [x2]

In the night I hear them talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so, a woman so…

There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no Y.S.L. that they could sell
To take my mind out of this hell
Or my heart out of this jail
There are no clothes that I could buy
That could turn, back in time
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could turn back, a piece of real life
Real life, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like?
What does it feel like, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like?
To live a real life
I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy
People say, you keep it too real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy

With a woman so heartless
So heartless
Is it my fault that I make you heartless?
Maybe I made you heartless, but regardless
That don’t give you the reason to act retarded
Yeah we fall, but you started
You started

No, no, no, nobody knows
Nobody knows

Did it have to go that far?
Did we have to take it that far?
You say things some time that you just can’t take back
Take back, take back
You’re gonna hit me one day, so take that, so take that
And that’s something you just can’t take back
Take back, take back
Never do nothing you can’t take back, take back

Does this hurtful comment have a receipt?
Does this staggering piece of truth
That was never told, have an expiration date?
Or can I take that back?
Take that back

And I guess it’s in the nighttime, I hear ‘em talk, talk
The coldest story ever told, the coldest story ever told
The coldest story ever told, the coldest story ever told
Ever told, never told
When I say the coldest story I mean the voices in my head
When I lay down in my bed, the voices in my head
When another woman is beside me in my bed

In the night I here ‘em talk
Coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Did I make you be heartless?
Did I make you be heartless?

50, look at me now
Singing on the ground
With my pink shirt on
Does this look gay to you?
Well, I don’t know what else to say to you
Look at me now
I’m on the ground
And my heart can still not be found
‘Cause I’ve looked all around
And my heart will never be found
I looked all around
And my heart’s nowhere to be found
Where is my heart right now?

With a woman so heartless
How could you be so?
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so?

In the night I here ‘em talk
Coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
I lost my soul
To somebody so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
How could you be so heartless?



[Hook: Kanye West]
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Verse 1: Rick Ross]
Life is like a long love song so I vibe
Yellow brick road on 24's as I ride
Shorty is a winner, when I'm in her I get lost
Make her tremble like the middle of December on the frost
UGG boots in a coupe dual exhaust
As I fall deep in love, Mr. West check my pulse
Paintings on the wall, Basquiat is her favorite
Black Maybach way trilla than a slave ship
How can I not spazz, questions that I'm asked
Home owner at nineteen, yo I done learned fast
My first love cheated on me, she was heartless
She fucked the quarterback and seperated partners
I took my quarter back and played another cartridge
I took my locket back and threw it in the garbage
I sang a melody, it sounded nice as T-Pain's
Okay I'm playing follow me, just to peep game
We party hard and fall asleep on the airplane
If she flirty in the dirty, then she fair game
Checkerboard luggage as they holler all aboard!
Portishead in the iPod until I reach a snore
In the clouds of the lear, thinking of Shakir
Run the game like my nigga still was here
In the clouds of the lear thinking of Shakir
We run the game like my nigga here, Baous

[Hook: Kanye West]
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You bringing out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we weren't gonna speak, so
Why we up 3 AM on the phone?
Why do she be so mad at me for?
Homie, I don't know, she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leaving me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple of months, then you gonna see
You'll never find nobody better than me

[Hook: Kanye West]
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Talk, and talk, and talk, and talk
Baby let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know bout me and you
So I got something new to see
And you just gonna keep hating me
And we just gonna be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gonna take off tonight into the night

[Hook: Kanye West]
In the night I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?



[Chorus]
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Verse 1]
How could you be so
Cold as the winter wind when it breeze, yo?
Just remember that you talkin' to me though
You need to watch the way you talkin' to me, yo
I mean, after all the things that we been through
I mean, after all the things we got into
Ayo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
Ayo, I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back and you gon' show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend – well, I got homies
But in the end, it's still so lonely

[Chorus]
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Verse 2]
How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You're bringin' out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we wasn't gon' speak so
Why we up 3 a.m. on the phone?
Why do she be so mad at me fo'?
Homie, I don't know, she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
‘Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leavin' me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple of months, then you gon' see
You'll never find nobody better than me

[Chorus]
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Bridge]
Talk and talk and talk and talk
Baby, let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know 'bout me and you
So I got somethin' new to see
And you just gon' keep hatin' me
And we just gon' be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gon' take off tonight into the night

[Chorus]
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Outro]
On and on and on and on
And on and... and on and on and on



[Intro (Tyler)]:
All right guys, um... (right motherfucker)
Look, I'm not gonna lie, some of you guys need extra credit (i don't nigga I'm smart)
It's the end of the semester, school's about to be out (fuck school, im dropping out)
And really, some of you guys aren't even passing, so.. (Nigga I gotta Z)
Today I'm going to give you guys a free write
You guys have 5 minutes to write about anything you want (fuck five, nigga)
So, uhh.. Get out a paper and pencil and get started.. (can I have a pen motherfucker?)

[Verse1]

Bass hit snaps yo back cracks front no football punt apple jacks no sin
Always out the motherfucking box, no in
Don’t have a religion, ignorant no sin
Begin my book first page no end
Talk to that piano no friends
We don’t try nigga, just natural
The mothafucking cloud feels good pterodactyl
Fuck tourrettes like pronouncing Tara backwards
Never been cool I just act natural
It’s a shame, mellow hype tame
Hodgy, Casey V, after that MellowHype came (Yes, sir)
And at heart we are all lames
At that brain we’re left and at this we’re best
I’m the teacher, so the students go ahead and test
Kinda like ninth grade when ugly bitches grew breasts
Kinda…..
I'm Waldo Find them soul, California rush I got a heart made of gold
At the end your bitch rainbow
Leprechaun I told that pussy did clove
I got a heart made of gold
Umm… I got a heart made of gold
Hey, yo, Domo, hit ‘em

[Verse2 Domo]:

I’m so 24 karat, heart made of gold
With subway lines dropping weight like Jared
Nigga I’m (arid?)
No stress bowflex get buff choke 'em till they go deaf
No rest switch teams and I’m still hot
Cuz everything I touch is golden
Jill Scott, pill pop
Swallow my stylow
Mr. Low Blow so ho lady me low
Explode all on your eardrums
Sex in that headphone about to make your ear cum
Here comes the Odd Future Rookie
Breaking niggas off like niggas share a cookie
Go book me I need to perform more
Cuz I’m raging like teenage hormones
And maybe a jail is what I board on
Cuz it’s death to any beat I record on
He got a heart made of gold
He got a heart made of gold

[Interlude]

Hey yo-shit-I’m half asleep and shit-fuck it yall

[Verse3 Tyler]:

Um… I’m ill, I’m sick, no lie I’m sick
I need my fucking meds
A cute Bitch that gives head
That only loves me for money
Didn't hear a fucking word I said
Gold digging
(Semi?) gold digging
Freestyles written, urine, shittin
Fuck it, pissing
Left Brain on the loop turn shit
No coupe it isn’t (turn it?)
That's cool
I’m living, smile every day
You wanna go away, I wanna go up
But how do I do that when I do not give a fuck
Let me rethink while I reheat up my lunch
In-fin
Stop, begin

[Verse4 Domo]:

One of a kind
A mile high stood out
Be raped, I went in and didn’t pull out
Mixtape is deaf, when it’s put out
I’m real, my down fall is what you should doubt
The Genesis, is winning shit
Need censorship, cuz I’m ignorant
Fuck a bee like I was intimate
My style is the new bitch
Get into it

(Back to Tyler the teacher)
Alright guys, time is up
Pass your papers and your pencils to the front
And uh… well, I guess free time
Hey Left Brain, put that piano away during class
Shit…. Fuck I need to quit



[Produced by J-Roc, The Dream & Timbaland]

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake]
Have you ever been to heaven?
Have you ever seen the gates?
Have you bowed unto your highness?
And do you know how heaven taste? Knock me down

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Arm, leg, leg, arm, head – this is God body
Knowledge, wisdom, freedom, understanding, we just want our equality
Food, clothing, shelter, help a nigga find some peace
Happiness for a gangsta, ain't no love in these streets
Conspiracy theorist screaming Illuminati
They can't believe this much skill is in the human body
He's 6'2", how the fuck he fit in a new Bugatti?
Aw, fuck it, you got me
Question religion, question it all
Question existence until them questions are solved
Meanwhile this heretic, I be out in Marrakesh
Morocco smoking hashish with my fellowship
Y'all dwell on devil shit, I'm in a Diablo
Yellow shit, color of Jell-O shit
Hello bitch, it's me again
Fresh in my Easter clothes feeling like Jesus and

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake]
Have you ever been to heaven?
Have you ever seen the gates?
Have you bowed unto your highness?
And do you know how heaven taste? Knock me down

[Bridge: Jay-Z]
That's me in the corner, that's me in the spotlight
Losing my religion, losing my religion

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Getting ghost in the Ghost, can you see me? Can you see me?
Have mercy on a Judas, angel wings on a 'ghini
I'm secular, tell the hecklers seckle down
Y'all religion creates division like my Maybach partition
And God is my chauffeur, boy they love Hova
From the south side of Chi to Brooklyn where I growed up
I confess, God in the flesh
Live among the serpents, turn arenas into churches
I'm like Michael, recycle, these are not 16's
These are verses from the Bible
Tell that preacher he's a preacher, I'm a motherfuckin' prophet
Smoke a tree of knowledge, drink from a gold chalice
You gotta love it, I arrive at the pearly gates
I had luggage, meaning I had baggage
Niggas asking me questions, I don't answer to these busters
Only God could judge us, motherfuckers, uh

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake]
Have you ever been to heaven?
Have you ever seen the gates?
Have you bowed unto your highness?
And do you know how heaven taste? Knock me down

[Outro: Justin Timberlake]
Heaven or Hell, the cards we been dealt
Are the cards that we play, play, play
Die for what you believe, only one god recedes
When the shots spray, spray, spray



[Intro: Kanye West]
Heavy hitters fo' life, heavy hitters fo' life

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
You rappers think I give a fuck about the way that they spit
Wanna be on my album but don't want me on they shit
Everybody thought I was makin' a compilation
I was really makin' myself they competition
Fresh off the plane from the All-Star game
Bone girls on TV so it's All-Star trains
Just picture man (uh-huh), no snitchin' man
Somethin' for the fiends fresh out the kitchen, man
Last 9/11 I was poor on the ave, 'til I pluraled my math
Now it's Porsche 911 and I'm floorin' the gas
Gotta lotta problems, money's one that I not have no more
Uh, well Dame look at how everybody changed
Tell Jay that I'm 'bout to change the game
Tell Biggs that we about to get paid
All my niggas about to have it made
This makes everything else sound played
Goddamn Kanye! (Kanye! Kanye!)
Now hold up... Ain't nobody messin' with me dog
Now you say it ("Ain't nobody messin' with you at all!")
I told dude, "You can't even rap on my interlude"
Now does that make me as rude as Jude?
("When the album comin' out?") Man the peoples is askin'
Yamamoto Adidas is sick with the fashion
Y'all already got dough so just spit for the passion
The way ya rhyme give me Tribe Called Quest flashbacks
And let's not even bring up the tracks, man
Nope, nope, let's not do that man
You eatin' up the game like Pac-Man
And got the whole world shakin' just like crack fiends

[Hook: Kanye West]
Heavy hitters fo' life, Roc-a-Fella is fo' life
Throw your diamonds up, throw your diamonds up
Throw your diamonds
Let the beat ride out for a minute

[Interlude: GLC (Kanye West)]
Let's take it there, take it there man
It's not supposed to be [?]
(GLC where you at homie?)

[Verse 2: GLC]
How many niggas you know that put their life on the line
To get signed? Did a few high crimes, almost had lights out
After the sunshine you thinkin' it might count
How could I might doubt? Just look at my account
I used to work at the mall with nothin' at all
Seein' niggas that ball, that shit was depressin'
Keep my clothes in the cleaners, I ain't with the pressin'
When I copped them pounds it was my best investments
Dre got shot and that taught me a lesson
For stickin' niggas up and them rubbery masses
Last like Batman minus the tight pants
Would hit your baby momma but her elbows is ashy
Four different blues, man your outfit is clashin'
You ain't got no muscles, you weakling bastard
Man, look at your haircut
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, NAW, your hair sucks
How many niggas you know is really heavy hitters?
'87 Go-Getters, two hoes like John Ritter
Even did it on his crime picture and yeah
And offers to sell and yell, uh

[Hook: Kanye West]
Heavy hitters fo' life, Roc-A-Fella is fo' life
Throw your diamonds up, throw your diamonds up
Throw your diamonds



[Produced by Kanye West; Co-Produced by Mike Caren, Mike Dean & No I.D.]

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I think I just fell in love with a porn star
Turn the camera on, she a born star
Turn the corners in a foreign car
Call the coroners, do the CPR
She gave that old nigga a ulcer
Her bittersweet taste made his gold teeth ache
Make her knees shake, make a priest faint
Make a nun cum, make her cremate
Move downtown, cop a sweet space
Livin’ life like we won the sweepstakes, what
We headed to hell for heaven’s sakes, huh
Well I’mma levitate, make the devil wait, yeah!

[Hook]
Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and baby we’ll live a hell of a life

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Never in your wildest dreams
Never in your wildest dreams, in your wildest
You could hear the loudest screams
Comin’ from inside the screen, you a wild bitch
Tell me what I gotta do to be that guy
Said her price go down, she ever fuck a black guy
Or do anal, or do a gangbang
It’s kinda crazy that’s all considered the same thing
Well I guess a lotta niggas do gang bang
And if we run trains, we all in the same gang
Runaway slaves all on a chain gang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang

[Hook]
Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and baby we’ll live a hell of a life

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
One day I’m gon' marry a porn star
We’ll have a big-ass crib and a long yard
We’ll have a mansion and some fly maids
Nothin’ to hide, we both screwed the bridesmaids
She wanna role play, 'til I roll over
I’mma need a whole day, at least rolled doja
What party is we goin’ to on Oscar day
'specially if she can’t get that dress from Oscar de
La Renta, they wouldn’t rent her, they couldn’t take the shame
Snatched the dress off her back and told her, “Get away”
How could you say they live they life wrong?
When you never fuck with the lights on

[Hook]
Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and baby we’ll live a hell of a life

[Outro]
I think I fell in love with a porn star
And got married in a bathroom
Honeymoon on the dance floor
And got divorced by the end of the night
That’s one hell of a life

(Mmm, mmm, mmm)



[Verse 1: Prodigy]
Yo, the saga begins, begin war
I draw first, Blood, be the first to set it off
My cause, tap all jaws, lay down laws
We takin' what's yours, we do jux, rush the doors
Here come the D's, time to make breeze and gun toss
In full force, my team'll go at your main source
My 9 Taurus hit bosses and take hostage
Your whole setup, from the ground up, we lock shit
Blood flood your eye, fuck up your optics
Switch to killer instincts for niggas pop shit
Yo, nigga Noyd, what's the topic? Nine pound we rocked in
'96 strike back with more hot shit
Illuminate, my team'll glow like radiation
With no time for patient or complication
Let's get it done right, my clique airtight
Trapped in a never-ending gunfight
So niggas lose stripes or lose life
Jail niggas sending kites to the street
Over some beef that wasn't fully cooked, finish 'em off
Well-done meat, then send 22 slug to your head
Travel all the way down to your leg

[Hook]
Ayo, it's Hell on Earth
Whose next are gonna be first?
The projects is front line
And the enemy is one time
I ain't gotta tell you
It's right in front of your eyes

[Verse 2: Havoc]
We rep the QBC, nigga, rep yours, it's all love
Milli stacked down, heavenly guarded by hollow-tip slug
Then crack down on wannabe thugs, adapt to gat sound
And bow down, slow the fuck up, see how my foul now
Articulate, hittin' body parts to start shiftin' shit
Never hesitant, it's the rap game unlimited
Sign my roster, we can do this, forever infinite
Then reminisce, 20 years later how we was gettin' it
Either with me, go against the grain, you better hit me
Leggin' me or robbin' me, niggas better body me
‘Cause it's a small world, and niggas talkin' like bitches
Bitches singin' like snitches, pointin' you out in pictures
‘Cause she rep the QBC faithfully, playa hatin' me
All that bullshit is just makin' me
More the better, then concentrate on gettin' cheddar
If shorty set you up, you better dead her, I told you
Shape and mold you, son you, then I hold you
Like a pimp, mind-control you, double-edge blow you
It'll be I like I'm supposed to, the clique is coastal
International, you local Bacardi mix physically fix
Hit you with shit that'll leave a loose nigga stiff
Probably thick, son, I solved 'em
Pulled him in my world then evolved him to chaos
Walk the beat like, around the way cops the average pitstop
QB City Godfather Pt III, Gotti, Gambino and Ty Nitty
Scarface, rest in peace!

[Hook]
Ayo, it's Hell on Earth
Whose next are gonna be first?
The projects is front line
And the enemy is one time
I ain't gotta tell you
It's right in front of your eyes

[Verse 3: Prodigy]
Yo, the heavy metal king, hold big shit with spare clips
You see an eclipse when the MAC spit, your top got split
Layin' dead with open eyes, close his eyelids
Turn off his lights, switch to darkness
‘Cause deep in the abyss is street life
Blood on my kicks, shit on my knife
You's the wild child, kicko turnin' men into mice
I was born to take power, leave my mark on this planet
The Phantom of Crime Rap, niggas is left stranded
Shut down your operation, closed for business
Leave a foul taste in your mouth like Guinness
POW niggas is found MIA
We move like special forces, Green Beret
Heavily around my throat, I don't play
Shit brand new, back in '89, the same way
The God P walk with a limp see, but simply
To simplify shit, no man can go against me
Test me, you must be bent, G, don't tempt me
I had this full clip for so long, it needs to empty
The reason why it's full for so long ‘cause I don't waste shit
You properly hit, blood in your mouth, so you could taste it
Quiet as kept, I lay back and watch the world spin
I hear thugs, claimin' that they gonna rob the Mobb
When they see us, I tell you what Black
Here's the issue, it's a package deal, you rob me
You take these missiles along with that
I ain't your average cat
Fuck rap, I'm tryna make cream, and that's that
Whatever it takes, however, it gots to go down
Four mics on stage, a motherfuckin' four pound
Speakers leakin' out sound and niggas leakin' on the ground
I could truly care less, the God gon' get his
Regardless blow for blow, let's find out who wear hardest
This rap artist used to be a stickup artist
Sometimes I test myself, see if I still got it
A live nigga stay on point, never diss
Regard shit or forget the essence from which I emerged
P is sick, so save that bullshit for the birds
Live up to my word, if I got beef, niggas comin' in herds
We flush through, your clique get purged



[Hook]
Herpes on my lip, I got herpes on my..
Herpes on my lip, I got herpes on my..
Herpes on my lip, grandma got herpes on her..

[Verse 1]
You got full blown AIDS, I got full blown crabs
You got full blown AIDS, I caught it from your dad
He gave me kiss so I call the cops
Not to tell nobody, they gave me money and a lollipop
My name is Bob, your real name is Charm
I hate Myspace, nigga fuck a Tom
You gotta fidget, get up in it in my video
There's gon' be transsexual Cambodian midgets

[Hook]
Herpes on my lip, I got herpes on my..
Herpes on my lip, I got herpes on my..
Herpes on my lip, grandma got herpes on her..

[Verse 2]
You like my clothes, you like my shirt
You like my purse, my girlfriend got a flat chest
Mustache, flat ass, no hair
Chicken head weave wearing dirty underwear
Rogue Status: fresh Nikes
Nice bikes, skateboard no
Nice dikes
I got a cat,, you got a frog..
You got a girlfriend, my girlfriend is a frog

[Hook]
Herpes on my lip, I got herpes on my..
Herpes on my lip, I got herpes on my..
He dont like the Herpes on my lip, thats why he sent me that message

[Outro]
This is dedicated to all the beautiful people in the world
And all the fat girls

Odd Future



[Produced by MF DOOM]

[Intro: MF DOOM + sample]
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen
("Hey!")
I'd like to thank you all for joining us this evening
Let me know if y'all with me, y'all
("Hey!")
Just a couple of things I wanna say

[Verse]
I only play the games that I win at
And stay the same with more rhymes than there's ways to skin cats
As a matter of fact, let me rephrase:
With more rhymes than there's ways to fillet felines these days
Watch the path of the black one:
Supervillian. He wrecks clubs for delf
In a drunken stupor, chillin'
Ready and willin to inadvertantly foil that
Plan of any rhymer, whiner or spoiled brat
Who got more snottier flows than snotty nose?
And holds mics like he knows karate body blows?
Nobody knows
The trouble I see
From the MPV fly dirty tailin' the eye bubble eye thirty
For the record; this is some shit I just thought of, y'all
Science fiction that's not admissible ("Hey!") in no court of law
I live to rock mics 3-D
The only reason I seek to stop—to snuff the TV
I heard beats, they sound like karaoke
With monkey rhymers on a leash like don't have this fairy choke me
Hit 'em with a penny so we can get these peanuts
And I thought we was nuts, I used to get free cuts
They locks Lex Luthor up in green haven
Since when a nigga never really been too clean shaven
Misbehavin' rap stars need Listamint
Call me Mista Bent
I'm at where your sister went
Intelligent, used to write and be well spoke
Now all a nigga wanna do is fight and sell—("Hey!")
—tell a joke
This could lead to catastrophe
'Bout to stop the violence
Right after these last of three shots from the black bat got me at headlock
Holdin' on to sanity, by strands of that dreadlock
She told me, "Get off," I said, "Bitch, let me set this shit off so I can get rich right quick"
Then it hit me like the point of intoxication
Nigga, come out and rock this nation like ("Hey!") ox defacin'
A lot of niggas out is rusty like oxidation
In this world's strangest, most dangerous occupation
But you could do it, you the Super like in your building
Villian like trife Kinder is in All My Children
Plottin'
And it sure to pay ends
With some real mature womens, and more of they friends ("Hey!")
And when bad men roll tight, it's actual true
Like a pack of Big Bambú, with natural glue
Who grip necks of Becks to triple X?
He just came in 4-D: Follow the ripple effects
And it'll lead you right to him
Oh, snap!
It seems you walked into a trap, through rap
Zoinks!
This place is filled with pretender willies
One false move, and get broke off! like end of Phillies
True believers
Ain't nothin new to a
Crook with special powers like how to tell the future uh-uh-
Rhyme of the month two page long
Bustin off two gages with my cape on wrong
Son it's on remind me of a Raekwon tape song
With a fleet of super bad... Status: Rae Dawn Chong
Let me know if y'alls with me, y'all! ("Hey!")
National and geographic down to the titty-bar
Rep Monster Island City, y'all!
To all my brothers who is doin' unsettling bids
You could have got away with it if it was not for them
Meddling kids!
("Over here!")

[Outro: Sample]
"Hey!"
"Hey!"



[Intro]
Bom bom bom bom bom

[Hook]
Last night I saw you in my dreams
Now I can't wait to go to sleep
Last night I saw you in my dreams
Now I can't wait to go to sleep

My mama, mama, mama
I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you
And let me tell you what I'm about to do
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school
And I appreciate what you allowed for me and I

[Verse 1]
I was three years old, when you and I moved to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
And you would give anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me no curl
And you never put no man over me
And I love you for that mommy can't you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
Cuz somebody cheatin, telling you lies, then I started to cry
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said mommy I'mma love you till you don't hurt no more
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more
And I'mma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford
See you're, unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable, lady that's makin loot
A living legend too, just look at what heaven do
Send us an angel, and I thank you Mama

I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you
And let me tell you what I'm about to do
Mama, you know I love you so, and I'll never let you go
And I wrote this song just so you know that when you go

[Hook]
Last night I saw you in my dreams
Now I can't wait to go to sleep
Last night I saw you in my dreams
Now I can't wait to go to sleep

My mama, mama, mama
I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you
And let me tell you what I'm about to do
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school
And I appreciate what you allowed for me and I

[Outro]
And this life is all a dream
And my real life starts when I go to sleep
My mama, mama, mama



[Intro: Kanye West]
I want everybody to put they hands together for me
I want to talk about somebody real special tonight (whooooaaaa)
Ok, come on

[Hook: Kanye West]
Hey Mama, ahhhhhhhhhh, I wanna scream so loud for you
Cause I'm so proud of you, let me tell you what I'm about to do (hey Mama)
I know I act a fool, but I promise you I'm going back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me, and I, I just want you to be proud of me (hey Mama)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
This little light of mine, I'm feelin' let it shine
I'm feelin' take y'all back to them better times
I'm feelin' talk about my mama if y'all don't mind (hey Mama)
I was three years old when you and I move to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fix me up something that was good for my soul
Famous home chicken soup, can I have another bowl (hey Mama)
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I can keep on my bike
And you would give me anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and the glove, but didn't give me a curl (hey Mama)
And you never put no man over me, and I LOVE you for that Mommy can't you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
Cause a nigga cheatin', tellin' you lies, then I started to cry (hey Mama)
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said, "Mommy, I'ma love you 'til you don't HURT no more!"
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta WORK no more
And I'ma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford (hey Mama)
See your unbreakable, unmistakable, highly capable, lady that's making loot
A living legend too, just look at what Heaven do, sent us an angel, and I thank you

[Hook: Tre Williams, (Kanye West)]
(Hey Mama), Oh your son done turned into a man living life
From the lesson straight from the palm of yo' hand (hey Mama)
And I know well that my words - they just ain't strong enough
If I had to pay for yo' love, my money ain't long enough!

[Verse 2: Papoose]
It's only 60 seconds in a minute, 24 hours in a day
The sun rises, the sun sets & goes away
"How this day went so fast?" is what I thought
Only 12 months in a year - life is short
Before my time is up, you know what I'ma do?
Take this time out to say, "I love you"
Cause right after you finished raisin' all ya kids
You turned right around & raised foster kids
We was the first ones in the 'hood with bunk beds
Popped me in my mouth for somethin' I shouldn't said
& when I caught that case, ya face turned red
You picked me up from the precinct - I was a knucklehead
You told me when I frowned up my face & pout
"I brought you in this world, boy, I'll take you out"
Daddy's stressin' you out? You tired of the drama?
Divorce that fool - I'll marry you, Mama

[Hook x2: Tre Williams, (Kanye West)]
(Hey Mama), Oh your son done turned into a man living life
From the lesson straight from the palm of yo' hand (hey Mama)
And I know well that my words - they just ain't strong enough
If I had to pay for yo' love, my money ain't long enough!



[Chorus]
(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)

[Verse 1]
I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine
I'm finna take y'all back to them better times
I'm finna talk about my mama if y'all don't mind
I was three years old when you and I moved to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
And you would give anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl
And you never put no man over me
And I love you for that mommy can't you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
'Cause a nigga cheatin', telling you lies, then I started to cry
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said mommy I'ma love you 'til you don't hurt no more
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more
And I'ma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford
See you're, unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable, lady that's makin' loot
A livin' legend too, just look at what heaven do
Send us an angel, and I thank you (Hey Mama)

[Chorus]
(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)

[Verse 2]
Forrest Gump mama said, "Life is like a box of chocolates"
My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate
Somethin to fall back on, you could profit with
But still supported me when I did the opposite
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get
Things I gotta do, just to prove to you
You was getting through, can the choir, please
Give me a verse of "You Are So Beautiful To Me"
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry
Maya Angelou, Nikki Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy
Come on mommy just dance wit' me, let the whole world see your dancing feet
Now when I say Hey, y'all say, Mama, now everybody answer me (Hey Mama)

[Chorus]
(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)

[Bridge]
I guess it also depends though if my ends low
Second, they get up you gon get that Benzo
Tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know (Hey Mama)

[Verse 3]
Tell your job you gotta fake em out
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out
To a restaurant, upper echelon
I'ma get you a Jag, whatever else you want
Just tell me what kind of S-Type Donda West like?
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right
It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday
For me to just call and say: (Hey Mama)

[Chorus]
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
You know I love you so
I never let you go
Wrote this song just so you know
Nowhere you go our love is true
Mama mama mama mama mama...
Mama mama mama mama mama...

[Produced by Jon Brion & Kanye West]



[Intro: André 3000]
1, 2, 3, uh!

[Verse 1: André 3000]
My baby don't mess around
Because she loves me so, and this I know for sure (Uh)
But does she really wanna
But can't stand to see me walk out the door? (Ah)
Don't try to fight the feeling
'Cause the thought alone is killing me right now (Uh)
Thank God for Mom and Dad
For sticking to together 'cause we don't know how (C'mon)

[Chorus: André 3000]
Hey ya! Hey ya!
Hey ya! Hey ya!
Hey ya! Hey ya!
Hey ya! Hey ya!

[Verse 2: André 3000]
You think you've got it, oh, you think you've got it
But "got it" just don't get it 'til there's nothing at all
We've been together, oh, we've been together
But separate's always better when there's feelings involved
If what they say is "Nothing is forever"
Then what makes, then what makes, then what makes
Then what makes, what makes, what makes love the exception?
So why oh, why oh, why oh, why oh, why oh
Are we so in denial when we know we're not happy here?
Y'all don't want to hear me, you just want to dance

[Chorus: André 3000]
Hey ya! (Uh-oh) Hey ya! (Uh-oh)
Don't want to meet your daddy
Hey ya! (Uh-oh)
Just want you in my Caddy (Uh-oh)
Hey ya! (Uh-oh)
Don't want to meet your mama (Uh-oh)
Hey ya! Uh-oh
Just want to make you cumma (Uh-oh)
Hey ya! Uh-oh
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just being honest (Uh-oh)
Hey ya!
I'm just being honest

[Bridge 1: André 3000]
Hey, alright now, alright now, fellas (Yeah?)
Now, what's cooler than being cool? (Ice Cold!)
I can't hear ya
I say what's, what's cooler than being cool? (Ice Cold!)
Alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright
Alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright
Okay now, ladies (Yeah?)
Now, we gon' break this thing down in just a few seconds
Now don't have me break this thing down for nothing
Now I want to see y'all on your baddest behavior
Lend me some sugar, I am your neighbor
Ah, here we go!

[Refrain: André 3000]
Shake it, sh-shake it, shake it, sh-shake it (Uh-oh)
Shake it, sh-shake it, Shake it, shake it, sh-shake it (Uh-oh)
Shake it like a Polaroid picture, hey ya!
Shake it, sh-shake it, shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it, shake it (okay), shake it, sugar
Shake it like a Polaroid picture

[Bridge 2: André 3000]
Now all the Beyoncés and Lucy Lius
And baby dolls, get on the floor
You know what to do, oh, you know what to do
You know what to do

[Chorus: André 3000]
Hey ya! (Uh-oh) Hey ya! (Uh-oh)
Hey ya! (Uh-oh) Hey ya! (Uh-oh, hey ya!)
Hey ya! (Uh-oh) Hey ya! (Oh, oh, uh-oh)
Hey ya! (Uh-oh) Hey ya! (Uh-oh)



[Intro: Kanye West & Young Thug]
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
Tell everybody I'm back in town
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
Can we play that back one time?
And after that night I'm gon' wanna play this shit back, oh no
Sometimes I'm wishin' that my dick had GoPro
So I could play that shit back in slo-mo (slow motion)
I just shot an amateur video; I think I should go pro
We only makin' the highlights
(slow motion, slow motion, slow motion)
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to be mine

[Bridge: El Debarge & Kanye West]
One life, one night
Uh
High lights
That's all I need
Livin' the life 'til I die

[Verse: Kanye West]
I bet me and Ray J would be friends
If we ain't love the same bitch
Yeah, he might have hit it first
Only problem is I'm rich
Uh
21 Grammys, superstar family
We the new Jacksons, I'm all about that action
I'm about that Farrakhan
Life is a marathon
I'ma shift the paradigm
I'ma turn up every time
I'ma bust a coach's head open on some Diddy shit
If he ever talk to my son like an idiot
One time for a nigga really gettin' it
Two times cause we got the whole city lit
Advice to all my niggas: impregnate Bridget
So when she have a baby she gon' make another nigga
Got the Fruit of Islam in the trenches hah?
Even though they know Yeezus is a Christian hah?
She spent her whole check on some Christians
And that girl ain't even religious
Walkin', livin', breathin' god, you know my past well
Hard to believe in God, your nigga got killed
Blac Chyna fuckin' Rob, help him with the weight
I wish my trainer would, tell me what I overate
So when I'm on vacay, I need to kick back
What you want?
You want a boss or an R&B nigga with a six pack?
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not

[Outro: The-Dream]
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I wanna know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I wanna know right now if you a freak or not
Oh lord, oh lord
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I wanna know right now if you a freak or not
Bad bitch up in Equinox
I wanna know right now if you a freak or not
Oh lord, oh my lord



[Intro]
Everybody put three fingers in the air
The sky is falling, the wind is calling
Stand for something, or die in the morning
Section.80, HiiiPoWeR

[Verse 1]
Visions of Martin Luther staring at me
Malcolm X put a hex on my future, someone catch me
I'm falling victim to a revolutionary song, the Serengeti's clone
Back to put you backstabbers back on your spinal bone
You slipped your disc when I slid you my disc
You wanted to diss but jumped on my dick
Grown men never should bite their tongue
Unless you eating pussy that smell like it's a stale plum
I got my finger on the mothafuckin' pistol
Aiming it at a pig, Charlotte's web is going to miss you
My issue isn't televised, and you ain't gotta tell the wise
How to stay on beat, because our life's an instrumental
This is physical and mental, I won't sugar coat it
You'd die from diabetes if these other niggas wrote it
And everything on TV just a figment of imagination
I don't want plastic nation, dread that like a Haitian
While you mothafuckas waiting, I be off the slave ship
Building pyramids, writing my own hieroglyphs

[Hook]
Just call the shit HiiiPoWeR
Nigga, nothing less than HiiiPoWeR
Five-star dishes, food for thought, bitches
I mean the shit is, Huey Newton going stupid
You can't resist his HiiiPoWeR
Throw your hands up for HiiiPoWeR

[Verse 2]
Visions of Martin Luther staring at me
If I see it how he seen it, that would make my parents happy
Sorry mama, I can't turn the other cheek
They wanna knock me off the edge like a fucking widow's peak, uhh
And she always told me pray for the weak, uhh
Them demons got me, I ain't prayed in some weeks, uhh
Dear Lord come save me, the devil's working hard
He probly clocking double shifts on all of his jobs
Frightening, so fucking frightening
Enough to drive a man insane, I need a license to kill
I'm standing on the field full of land mines
Doing the moonwalk, hoping I blow up in time
Cause 2012 might not be a fucking legend
Tryna be a fucking legend, the man of mankind
Who said a black man in the Illuminati?
Last time I checked, that was the biggest racist party
So get up off that slave ship
Build your own pyramids, write your own hieroglyphs

[Hook]
Just call the shit HiiiPoWeR
Nigga, nothing less than HiiiPoWeR
Five-star dishes, food for thought, bitches
I mean the shit is, Bobby Seale making meals
You can't resist his HiiiPoWeR
Throw your hands up for HiiiPoWeR

[Bridge: Alori Joh]
Every day we fight the system just to make our way
We been down for too long, but that's alright
We was built to be strong, cause it's our life, na-na-na
Every day we fight the system, we fight the system
We fight the system (Never like the system)
We been down for too long but that's alright, na-na-na

[Verse 3]
Who said a black man in the Illuminati?
Last time I checked, that was the biggest racist party
Last time I checked, we was racing with Marcus Garvey
On the freeway to Africa 'til I wreck my Audi
And I want everybody to view my autopsy
So you can see exactly where the government had shot me
No conspiracy, my fate is inevitable
They play musical chairs once I'm on that pedestal
Frightening, so fucking frightening
Enough to drive a man insane, a woman insane
The reason Lauryn Hill don't sing, or Kurt Cobain
Loaded that clip and then said bang, the drama it bring is crazy
Product of the late 80's
Tryna stay above water, that's why we shun the navy
Pull your guns and play me, let's set it off
Cause a riot, throw a Molotov, somebody told me them pirates had got lost
Cause we been off them slave ships
Got our own pyramids, write our own hieroglyphs

[Hook]
Just call the shit HiiiPoWeR
Yeah, nothing less than HiiiPoWeR
Five-star dishes, food for thought, bitches
I mean the shit is, Fred Hampton on your campus
You can't resist his HiiiPoWeR
Throw your hands up for HiiiPoWeR

[Outro]
Thug Life! Thug Life!

[Produced by J. Cole]



[Intro: 2Pac]
I ain't got no motherfuckin' friends
That's why I fucked yo' bitch, you fat motherfucker!
(Take money) West Side, Bad Boy killas
(Take money) You know who the realest is
(Take money) We bring it too
(Take money)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
First off, fuck yo' bitch and the clique you claim
Westside when we ride, come equipped with game
You claim to be a player, but I fucked your wife
We bust on Bad Boys, niggas fucked for life
Plus, Puffy tryna see me, weak hearts I rip
Biggie Smalls and Junior M.A.F.I.A. is some mark-ass bitches
We keep on comin' while we runnin' for your jewels
Steady gunnin', keep on bustin' at them fools, you know the rules
Lil' Caesar, go ask your homie how I'll leave ya
Cut your young-ass up, leave you in pieces, now be deceased
Lil' Kim, don't fuck around with real G's
Quick to snatch yo' ugly ass off the streets, so fuck peace!
I'll let them niggas know it's on for life
Don't let the Westside ride tonight (ha ha ha)
Bad Boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and get yo' caps peeled, you know

[Hook: 2Pac]
See, grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac
Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh
Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish
Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, I hit 'em up!

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Check this out, you motherfuckers know what time it is
I don't even know why I'm on this track
Y'all niggas ain't even on my level
I'ma let my little homies ride
On you bitch-made ass Bad Boy bitches, feel it!

[Verse 2: Hussein Fatal]
Get out the way yo, get out the way yo
Biggie Smalls just got dropped
Little Moo', pass the MAC
And let me hit him in his back
Frank White needs to get spanked right for settin' traps
Little accident murderer
And I ain't never heard of ya
Poisonous gats attack when I'm servin' ya
Spank ya, shank ya whole style when I gank
Guard your rank 'cause I'ma slam your ass in the paint
Puffy weaker than the fuckin' block I'm runnin' through, nigga
And I'm smokin' Junior M.A.F.I.A. in front of you, nigga
With the ready power
Tucked in my Guess under my Eddie Bauer
Your clout petty/sour
I push packages every hour; I hit 'em up!

[Hook: 2Pac]
Grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac
Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh
Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish
Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, we hit 'em up!

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Peep how we do it, keep it real as penitentiary steel
This ain't no freestyle battle, all you niggas gettin' killed
With your mouths open
Tryna come up off of me, you in the clouds hopin'
Smokin' dope, it's like a sherm high
Niggas think they learned to fly
But they burn, motherfucker, you deserve to die
Talkin' about you gettin' money, but it's funny to me
All you niggas livin' bummy while you fuckin' with me
I'm a self-made millionaire
Thug livin', out of prison, pistols in the air (ha ha)
Biggie, remember when I used to let you sleep on the couch
And beg a bitch to let you sleep in the house?
Now it's all about Versace, you copied my style
Five shots couldn't drop me, I took it and smiled
Now I'm back to set the record straight
With my AK, I'm still the thug that you love to hate
Motherfucker, I hit 'em up!

[Verse 4: Kadafi]
I'm from N-E-W Jers' where plenty of murders occurs
No points or commas, we bring drama to all you herbs
Now go check the scenario: Lil' Cease
I'll bring you fake G's to your knees, coppin' pleas in de Janeiro
Little Kim, is you coked up or doped up?
Get your little Junior Whopper click smoked up
What the fuck, is you stupid?
I take money, crash and mash through Brooklyn
With my click lootin', shootin' and pollutin' your block
With a 15-shot cocked Glock to your knot
Outlaw MAFIA clique movin' up another notch
And your pop stars popped and get mopped and dropped
All your fake-ass East Coast props brainstormed and locked

[Verse 5: E.D.I. Mean]
You's a beat biter, a Pac style taker
I'll tell you to your face you ain't shit but a faker
Softer than Alize with a chaser
About to get murdered for the paper
E.D.I. Mean approach the scene of the caper
Like a loc, with Little Ceas' in a choke
Gun totin' smoke, we ain't no motherfuckin' joke
Thug Life, niggas better be knowin'
We approachin' in the wide open, gun smokin'
No need for hopin', it's a battle lost
I got 'em crossed as soon as the funk is boppin' off
Nigga, I hit 'em up!

[Outro: 2Pac]
Now you tell me who won
I see them, they run, ha ha
They don't wanna see us
Whole Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique dressin' up tryna be us
How the fuck they gonna be the mob
When we always on our job?
We millionaires
Killin' ain't fair, but somebody gotta do it
Oh yeah, Mobb Deep, you wanna fuck with us?
You little young-ass motherfuckers
Don't one of you niggas got sickle-cell or somethin'?
You're fuckin' with me, nigga
You fuck around and have a seizure or a heart attack
You better back the fuck up
Before you get smacked the fuck up
This is how we do it on our side
Any of you niggas from New York that wanna bring it, bring it!
But we ain't singin', we bringin' drama
Fuck you and yo' motherfuckin' mama!
We gon' kill all you motherfuckers!
Now when I came out I told you it was just about Biggie
Then everybody had to open their mouth
With a motherfuckin' opinion
Well, this is how we gonna do this: fuck Mobb Deep! Fuck Biggie!
Fuck Bad Boy as a staff, record label and as a motherfuckin' crew!
And if you wanna be down with Bad Boy, then fuck you too!
Chino XL, fuck you too!
All you motherfuckers, fuck you too!
(Take money, take money)
All of y'all motherfuckers, fuck you, die slow!
Motherfucker, my .44 make sho' all y'all kids don't grow!
You motherfuckers can't be us or see us
We motherfuckin' Thug Life ridas
Westside 'til we die!
Out here in California, nigga, we warned ya
We'll bomb on you motherfuckers! We do our job!
You think you mob? Nigga, we the motherfuckin' mob!
Ain't nothin' but killas
And the real niggas, all you motherfuckers feel us
Our shit goes triple and 4-quadruple
You niggas laugh 'cause our staff got guns under their motherfuckin' belts
You know how it is: when we drop records, they felt
You niggas can't feel it, we the realest
Fuck 'em, we Bad Boy killas!



[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt]
Promise Heron I'll put my fist up, after I get my dick sucked
Quick buck, maybe a gold chain
With that fucking flow that s-s-so belittles men
They tentatively tend to turn and go when I am finished
Stone cold, hardly fucking with these niggas, nigga listen
The description doesn't fit, if not a synonym of menace
Then forget it, in turn, these critics and interns
Admitting the shit spitted, just burn like six furnaces
Writ, it affixed, learning them digits
And simultaneously, dispelling one-trick-pony myths, isn't he?
One adolescent, fucking six-nigga energy
And crawling down 'Fax like a rich nigga centipede
Crack ceramic and slap a hand out of cash account
Stamp and shouting, thrashing
These niggas done let the Kraken out
Crack-a-lacking, like snap, crackle, popping your ammo off
Hide your face, and throw your flannels off, Sweatshirt, nigga

[Hook: Casey Veggies & Earl Sweatshirt]
'87 roof top, Bronson
Whipping hoopties tryna boost raw chronic
Brutus in that booth, double scoop, hock vomit up
Sub rocking, thud knocking niggas teeth loose
Bruh, I don't fuck with no cop
Rolling with that flow swamp
Catch me over stove top
Rapping to that coke rock
Passionless in old Jive clothing, with them doors wide open
Dim the floor lights, focused
Like it's nothing, cause it's nothing, bitch

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
From a city that's recession-hit
With stress niggas could flex metal with
Peddle to rake pennies in
Desolate testaments, trying to stay Jekyll-ish
But most niggas Hyde, and Brenda just stay pregnant
Breaking news: death's less important when the Lakers lose
It's lead in that baby food, heads try to make it through
Fish-netted legs for them eyes that she cater to
Ride dirty as the fucking sky that you praying to
So here I sit, eye in the pyramid
God spit it like it's truth serum in that beer and then
Disappear again, reappear bearded
On top of a lear, steering it into the kids' ear again
Provider of the backdrop music
For the crack rock user and the mascot Earl
Rawer than the skinned knee cap on the blacktop
Salivary glands, lighter fluid for the matchbox
Striking, wait, wait, who the fuck you badder than?
Boy, oh boy, I'm bad as burnt pollo off the grill and shit
Spitter of the Little Nick, nimble, rickrolling
Bitch niggas pick litter, piff-blower, plus I pillage shit

[Hook: Casey Veggies & Earl Sweatshirt]
87 roof top, Bronson
Whipping hoopties tryna boost raw chronic
Brutus in that booth, double scoop, hock vomit up
Sub rocking, thud knocking niggas teeth looseBruh, I don't fuck with no cop
Rolling with that flow swamp
Catch me over stove top
Rapping to that coke rock
Passionless in old Jive clothing, with them doors wide open
Dim the floor lights, focused
Like it's nothing, cause it's nothing, bitch

[Verse 3: Vince Staples]
Quit with all that tough talk
Bruh we know you niggas ain't about shit
Come around, we gun 'em down, bodies piled, Auschwitz
Bulletproof outfits, weapons concealed, I'm ready to kill
So test it, all my weapons is real
Selling thizz, couldn't tell him what the recipe is
Got 'em wishing that they never gave these weapons to kids
Cheers, send chills up spines of fat bitches
After shows throwing out sandwiches
Niggas get it how they live and I live for money
Other words, I'm getting money
Lil Boy told me when it's time to ride they'll send up for me
Ain't nobody scaring me
Niggas ain't prepared for heat
Tools hit like pool sticks, the way I cue shit
If this was '88, I would have signed to Ruthless
'94, would've had 'em walking down Death Row
First is when the best go, hate is what the rest do
Voice inside my head told me, "Wet 'em if they test you"
So it's Raging Waters season
That yomper big as Larry Johnson, leave your momma seedless
Everybody hard until it's only God they seeing
Kitten soft but in they songs be trapping hard as Jeezy
I don't believe it, but to each his own
I ain't tripping long as I can reach the chrome
Heat your home like Southern California Gas, police pass
Tell 'em "Free Smalls," off Palm with the heat drawn
Strapped up long as the chief for police armed
Raised where the beasts are, north of the Beach
A couple streets past Baby J, bony niggas spraying K's
Ruger with the pork face, Jewish for the court case
Here to save you niggas from the sorbet, Coldchain

[Spoken Outro: Casey Veggies]
Like it's nothing, cause it's nothing, bitch



[Verse 1]
Gorgeous chrome-plated horse whip
Home-making paintings for poor-quality porn flicks
Court adjourned and the verdict's still saucy
Sack swinging like Dub-D40 on a door hinge
Good lord, walk light like the floor slick
Look bored, hoard all mics in a force grip
Pro-abortion endorsing his own importance
Or leaving opponents floating with paper and dirty porcelain
Pinnacle of titillating crisp spit
Fist clinched emulating '68 Olympics
Rock it from the cradle 'til he middle aged and limp-sticked
Coughing from the stable probably indicating spliff's lit
Dismissed, feel it in that saturated cranium
Heavy as insurance off a spanking new laser gun
Crazy heart, hazy lung, making art, raking funds
Crowd going dumb like Palin's son

[Hook: Frank Ocean]
And it always follows Autumn
No home for the weak
No insurance for your pride
Jive, jive
And it always follows Autumn

[Verse 2]
I sit in thought 'til the flow is right
Then throw some D on all available open mics
Smoke it right proposing these niggas over
Wipe more because I normally toilet bowl with a broken pipe
Shit, the former soloist who flow was sick
The token sober kid stressed so the role was switched
Now Four Lokos down the hole and a loaded spliff
Look who’s as useless as a broken wrist when tryna open shit
Nigga cold is what you need to keep the poultry in
Resulting in me rolling slick as bottom of the bowling kicks
Early man, you posers know me as the troll throwing moldy
Donut holes at your grody ho from his cronies' whip
Eating like the kids when you take ‘em off Ritalin
Throwing temper tantrums at the window of your whip again
Sweeping up the glass to use it as a garnish over
Tracks damaged like the leg he limping to the barn with
Chickenshits
Temper 'bout as thick as tips of pencils is, missiles to the picket fence
Who spit as good fingerlickin’ bitch
Bet it's thirty-six fish netted like the hook was inefficient

[Hook]



[Intro]
Keep your hoes in check...
(Super!)

[Verse]
I got this girl and she wants me to duke her
I told her I'd come scoop her around 8, she said ("Super!")
That sounds great, shorty girl's a trooper
No matter what I need her to do, she be like ("Super!")
Own his own throne, the boss like King Koopa
On the microphone he flossed the ring ("Super!")
Average emcees is like a TV blooper
MF DOOM, he's like D.B. Cooper
Out with the moolah, I let her get a outfit
Just to cool her off she said niggas ain't about shit
I wonder if she meant it, I doubt it
The way it be in her mouth she can't live without it
And can't live with this, handle your business
Villain'll stay on a scandalous ho's shit list
One pack of cookies please, Mr. Hooper
It's fun smacking rookies, he is the ("Super!")
Look like a black wookie when he let his beard grow
Weirdo, brown-skinned'd, always kept his hair low
Rumor has it it's a S-Curl accident
DOOM was always known to keep the best girls' backs bent
Some say it's the eyes, some say the accent
A lot of guys wonder where they stacks went
I call her thunder thighs with the fatty swolla
Only mess with high rollers, do what daddy told her
No matter the city she with me to do the thang-thang
Work in the coochie, hooptie chitty chitty bang bang
Same name on the titty as on the name ring
Pretty like Baby D off "All in the Same Gang"
Keep my eye on her, really don't trust her
But I treat her like a daughter, taught her how to bust a nut
And the heat to turn beef to horsemeat chalupa
Teach her how to hold it, of course he is the ("Super!")
See most cats treat her like Foofur
Or beat her to a stupor, take it from the ("Super!")
You need to make her feel cuter
And lay down the G like Luther, everything'll be ("Super!")
Do for her, keep her in a new fur
So she look sweet when she go to meet the ("Super!")
Got the buddha get the Grenadiers, twist it
Put it in the air, come here, kiss it
Listen here scooter, let her try to bag you
When she's on the rag, never let her fry the Ragu
Which'll have you under some type of spell crying "dag boo"
Her name on your back in a tattoo
Whether a bougie broad, nerd ho, street chick
Don't call her Wifey if you met her at the Freaknik
You don't want her don't waste her time, I'll dupe her
And be a father to your child like the ("Super!")
He keep his hoes in check
Sends 'em out to get glows from off frozen necks
Tell 'em take his clothes, leave him posing naked for real
Better yet, get him for the check off the record deal
Find out where he keep the Tec and the blue steel
Make sure for extra wreck, let him know how you feel
And while he's running down to All-Star Weekend to ball
I'm coming with the U-Haul ("Super!")
("Super! Super!")

[Outro Skit]
(DOOM): Has the laser cannon been lowered?
(DOOM Cronie): Everything has been prepared as you ordered. But how did you get permission to return to New York master?
(DOOM): Through the efforts of the misguided fools
(J. Jonah Jameson): It's free enterprise, and I'm not gonna have some blasted government bureaucrat tell me how to run my business. But DOOM will be my guest on my private estate in Long Island. There's nothing you can do about it
(Jameson Employee): He's dangerous, I just hope you know what you're doing
(Jay Jonah Jameson):  Don't I always. Ah, there's DOOM's jet, right on time

(Voice 1): Why's it so cold out here?
(Voice 2): The heat went out in the whole building
(Voice 3): It's warming up out there in Long Island with DOOM
(Voice 1): DOOM? Here in New York?
(Voice 2): Yes DOOM has an amazing new machine

(DOOM): Get the president of the United States on the phone
(Jay Jonah Jameson): How long's all this gonna take, DOOM?
(DOOM): I would not advise you to repeat that error
(Jay Jonah Jameson): Sure, I know what you mean



[Kanye West]
Kanye to the...
Yeah, OK

I'm getting spins all day in L.A
We can go the D where Dwele dwell
D.C, P.G or ATL
Back in the Chi, mean my life like a magazine
Honey wanna know the details about my ebony
Well that's XXL
Far as the penthouse, yeah that's upscale
Mademoiselle got a hell of a Black tail
I'm feeling her vibe, her Body and Soul
I heard you stay in a metropolitan home
Well lets kill all the parlayin and offer you a cosmopolitan
Lets jet out the club, get some oxygen
Your friends claim I'm a player, you be lucky to keep me
But you know people gon' be talking 'bout us weekly
My car be in a Robb Re-p-o-r-t but what's more important to me
Is that you..

(Dwele)
Open your ears
Don't allow these words to be ignored by years
Fearing lullibies, containing the same old lies (same old lies)
Dealing just to deal is just a crime
Besides I know you wouldn't mind
Trying something new so..

(CHORUS)
Let's (Let's)Try (Try)
We can work it out
If you let love(love) guide (guide)
The way that you feel for me
Oh(Oh) Why(Why)
Let this opportunity pass (pass) by (by)
You should hold on

Please don't resist (don't resist)
Bless those harmonies to me, escape your lips (escape your lips)
There's no need to go home
Just to dance along (dance aloo-o-one)
I know you can't enjoy it on your own
Really I don't see nothing wrong
With you and I spending some time--

Also let me mention, (Oooh)
My only intention, (Oooh)
Is to feed you every single thing you hunger for---
In my heart I have to (Oooh)
And-- want to have you (Oooh)
So fulfilled that you will never need to ask for more--

[Consequence]
Now someone told my girl that she's a trophy wife
Sorta like Grant Hill and Kobe's wife
So when we at a club, and she be so polite
But when we back at home she be poltergeist
I mean provoking fights
Trying to poke me with knifes
And last time I tried to poke her she just told me goodnight
See her clothing be tight
She was pervert approved
So she gave up on life, now she don't wanna move
Hypnotized by the tube
So she stay with the clicker
In a cup full of liquor
Thinkin its makin her thicker
But its makin her slimmer
So our future is dimmer
I can't remember last time I took my baby to dinner
See I'm sayin' a sister who was freaky and ruthless
In a yorkshire terrier in the pocket with pooches
In a pocket with Gucc's
Was taking my lunch money
Just like the gooches
I'll tell you the truth miss



[Produced by Nineteen85, Majid Jordan & Noah "40" Shebib]

[Refrain: Drake]
I got my eyes on you
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you
You left your mark on me
I want your hot love and emotion endlessly

[Pre-Hook: Drake]
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be

[Hook: Drake]
Just hold on, we're going home
Just hold on, we're going home
It's hard to do these things alone
Just hold on, we're going home

[Refrain: Drake]
I got my eyes on you
You're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you
You left your mark on me
I want your hot love and emotion endlessly

[Pre-Hook: Drake]
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be

[Hook: Drake & Majid Jordan]
Just hold on, we're going home (going home)
Just hold on, we're going home (going home)
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)
Just hold on, we're going home (going home)

[Bridge: Majid Al Maskati]
You're the girl, you're the one
Gave you everything I loved
I think there's something, baby
I think there's something, baby
You're the girl, you're the one
Gave you everything I loved
I think there's something, baby
I think there's something, baby

[Pre-Hook: Drake & Majid Al Maskati]
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
'Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be

[Hook: Drake & Majid Jordan]
Just hold on, we're going home (going home)
Just hold on, we're going home (going home)
It's hard to do these things alone (things alone)
Just hold on, we're going home (going home)



[Intro: Kanye West & Quavo]
When I came up had to show my ass, yeah
Clothes tight, clothes tight, holds tight, hold tight
Hold tight, hold tight
Hold tight, hold tight
Hold tight, hold tight
Hold tight, hold tight
And I just figured out the whole time
Uh, I was actin' like I'm white

[Verse 1: Quavo & Kanye West]
When I came up, had to show my ass, yeah, that's the black side
I was trappin' out the bando, nosy ass neighbors uptight
When I come around, when I come around, niggas don't act right
I'm yellin' out, "Please don't come with that fake shit," screamin' it all night
What the fuck did you say? What the fuck did you say? (ayy, uh)
I'm on my Wraith shit, I'm on my, I'm on my Wraith shit (race, yep, woo)
Get the fuck out my face, get out of my way (move, fuck did you say?)
I'm on my Wraith shit, I fell in love with all races (race, yep)
When you're aiming for something I tell 'em
Hold tight, hold tight, hold tight
When you're aiming for something I tell 'em
Hold tight, hold tight, hold tight
When you're aiming for something I tell 'em
Hold tight, see that melody right there? That's why I'm me
When you're aiming for something I tell 'em

[Verse 2: Kanye West & (Quavo)]
I be actin' like I'm white (white)
Fuckin' white bitches, black and white dick (oh, ayy)
[?] like we don't tiki talk shit, bossed up
100 bump, I do that shit all night
Sniff a line
I be sniffing Miley Cyrus with Miley Cyrus
In a bathroom with my thumb in her ass
Now I'm actin' like I'm white

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West  & Quavo]
You stayed 3 exes up and you never came to see me in my own room
You the only good enough for the mountain
Only good as the people you got around you
This is all associations around you
I only got [?] but never doubt you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Please forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Please forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you
Please forgive me if I ever doubted you
Forgive me if I ever doubted you

[Chorus: Quavo]
Ayy, 'cause I'm actin' like I'm white
Don't make me show my ass, that's the black side
Yeah, I'm actin' like I'm white
Don't make me show my ass, that's the black side
'Cause I'm actin' like I'm white
Don't make me show my ass, that's the black side
Yeah, I'm actin' like I'm white
Don't make me show my ass, that's the black side

[Verse 3: Young Thug]
I'm chillin', pourin' up until I can't feel my anger
Blessed my nigga Yeezy with a banger
I was sharin' all my thoughts with a stranger
Wrestle this bitch like Kurt, no Angle
I can see them diamonds drippin' off me like a sink
Act inside a pineapple mango
She been in the [?] with no angle
Whoop, I'm adios, as-salamu alaykum (nigga, that that)
I just want a round house, we gon' have 'em bleedin'
Nah, I ain't green, sharin' is carin', bae, I be just feedin'
Coca Cola shape, I don't want to fuck it bae, I just want see it
Lil nigga late, I been done did but you just ain't see it
Wait, lil' nigga, I can afford it
I just was broke with no shawty
I just found out it's important
To take off the factories and put on some Forgies
I got six rings, I'm just lordin'
I used to be broke and so boring (broke, borin', yeah)
I came out that swamp, can't ignore it (yeah)
Now all my pockets is on Norbit

[Verse 4: Takeoff]
They mad 'cause we grinded up from the top
I was on the block, no guap, runnin' from cops
They talk about me, they wanted to see the album flop
And we will never stop, the game on Buscemi lock
I do wrong and do right, forgive me for not livin' right
Sippin' on Bud, like givin' you advice I'm actin' white
Mansion on acres, my white friends I only invite
Even when I'm wrong, it feel like a nigga right

[Verse 5: Quavo]
Dr. King sacrificed his life (King)
Because they didn't treat us right (no)
Don't call a young nigga racist because my best friend white (white)
Yeah, my best friend's white (ayy), white (uh)

[Verse 6: Offset]
I was actin' like I'm white (white)
Diamonds shinin' off the lights (shine)
Pain came with the limelight (pain)
Feds put me in the spotlight (feds)
Mama told me that these bitches ain't never gon' count (these bitches don't count)
'Cut you off, don't wanna talk, I'ma see you around (I see you around)
This is the way that we kick it (we kick it)
200 thou' in my kitchen (200 racks)
Bad bitches in the facility (bad bitches)
I put my hoe on a mission (ayy)
Y'all niggas better hold tight (hold tight)
I gave 200 to Jews, told 'em make it right (make it right)
They mad, we blew up like dynamite (mad)
I can see everythin' like a satellite (I can see)



[Intro: Justin Timberlake]
You'd take the clothes off my back and I'd let you
You'd steal the food right out my mouth
And I'd watch you eat it
I still don’t know why, why our love is so much, ohh
(Thanks for warnin' me, thanks for warnin' me)
You curse my name in spite to put me to shame
Hang my laundry in the streets, dirty or clean
Give it up for fame
But I still don't know why, why I love it so much
(Thanks for warnin' me, thanks for warnin' me)

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake]
And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
I just can't crack your code
One day you screamin' you love me loud
The next day you're so cold
One day you're here, one day you're there, one day you care
You're so unfair
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over
Holy Grail

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
Uh, uh, uh
Blue told me remind you niggas, uh
Fuck that shit y'all talking 'bout, I'm the nigga, uh
Caught up in all these lights and cameras, uh
But look what that shit did to Hammer, uh
Goddamn it, I like it
Bright lights is enticin', but look what it did to Tyson
All that money in one night, thirty mil' for one fight
But soon as all the money blows, all the pigeons take flight
Fuck the fame, keep cheatin' on me
What I do? I took her back
Fool me twice; that's my bad, I can't even blame her for that
Enough to make me wanna murder
Momma, please just get my bail
I know nobody to blame; Kurt Cobain, I did it to myself, uh

[Bridge: Justin Timberlake & Jay Z]
And we all just entertainers
And we're stupid and contagious
And we all just entertainers

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake]
And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
I just can't crack your code
One day you screamin' you love me loud
The next day you're so cold
One day you're here, one day you're there, one day you care
You're so unfair
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over
Holy Grail

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
Now I got tattoos on my body
Psycho bitches in my lobby
I got haters in the paper, photo shoots with paparazzi
Can't even take my daughter for a walk
See 'em by the corner store
I feel like I'm cornered off
Enough is enough, I'm callin' this off
Who the fuck I'm kiddin' though?
I'm gettin' high, sittin' low
Slidin' by in that big body, curtains all in my window
This fame hurt, but this chain worse
I think back you asked the same person
If this is all you had to deal with
Nigga, deal with, this shit ain't work
This light work, camera snappin', my eyes hurt
Niggas dying back where I was birthed
Fuck your iris and the IRS
Get the hell up off your high horse
You got the shit that niggas die for, dry yours
Why you mad? Take the good with the bad
Or throw the baby out with that bath water

[Bridge: Jay Z]
You still alive, still that nigga
Nigga, you survived, you still gettin' bigger
Nigga, living the life, vanilla wafers in a villa
Illest nigga alive; Michael Jackson's Thriller

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake]
And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
I just can't crack your code
One day you screamin' you love me loud
The next day you're so cold
One day you're here, one day you're there, one day you care
You're so unfair
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over
Holy Grail

[Bridge: Justin Timberlake]
You get the air out my lungs whenever you need it
And you take the blade right out my heart
Just so you can watch me bleed
And I still don't know why, why I love you so much, yeah
(Thanks for warnin' me, thanks for warnin' me)
And you play this game in spite to drive me insane
I got it tattooed on my sleeve
Forever in ink with guess whose name
But I still don't know why, why our love is so much, yeah
(Thanks for warnin' me, thanks for warnin' me)

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake]
And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
I just can't crack your code
One day you screamin' you love me loud
The next day you're so cold
One day you're here, one day you're there, one day you care
You're so unfair
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over
Holy Grail

[Produced by J-Roc, The-Dream & Timbaland]



[Verse 1: bearface]
Oh, try to keep your cool
You got a grip, baby
But you just can't seem to fall
You know what we are
Took for granted, fell, we catch ourselves
Don't worry, baby girl
There's no one in the world
But when you say I got a girl
Say it and I know it's killin' you, yeah
When I say you make my knees so weak
Then you know I'm missin' you

[Chorus: bearface]
Yeah, you know it's alright
Do you know it's alright?
'Cause I've been thinkin' about you all night girl
Yeah, you know it's alright
Do you know it's alright?
'Cause I look at you, you’re mine girl

[Bridge: bearface]
Send me to California
I'm tryna get so lost
Not turnin' up to a 9 to 5
Just wanna know why

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
No plate on a white Lexus
I blacked out on a random cliff
Summer nights, I saw things change
And you still not right to my tick
Pleasure, something
Deep inside my chest
Long nights, long drives
Change across my face
Cowboy, ride it
That's my wild west
Come on babe, you can put it on us
Come on babe, you can put it on me

[Chorus: bearface]
Yeah, you know it's alright
Do you know it's alright?
'Cause I look at you, you’re mine girl
Yeah, you know it's alright
Do you know it's alright?
'Cause I look at you, you’re mine girl
Yeah, you know it's alright
Do you know it's alright?
'Cause I look at you, you're mine girl
Yeah, you know it's alright
Do you know it's alright?
'Cause I look at you, you’re mine girl
Yeah, you know it's alright
Do you know it's alright?
'Cause I look at you, you’re mine girl
Yeah, you know it's alright
Do you know it's alright?
'Cause I look at you, you’re mine girl



[Produced by Organized Noize]

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Hootie Hoo, follow the funk from the skunk
And the dank that is crunk in the Dungeon
It goes on and on and on, like that
Going out to the Jeeps and hoes in the 'llac
Ah suki, suki, all day, e'rr day, any day, every damn day
I be thinking about the good ol' days when I was a whippersnapper
Used to try to get a kiss, but now it be them draws I'm after
I'm just a Southernplayalistic pimp
I used to slang a fat rock, but now I'm serving hemp
I never even smoked a crumb of crack, but yo I'm dope
Mo' doper than a junkie or a Pookie cause it's on
So each one, teach one, I be claiming true
To East Pointe and College Park and the things I used to do
Around ATL, home of the pimps and the money makers
Club Nikki, Magic City and them Southern playas
I never said I was a gangsta but I will do ya
So Hallelujah, Hallelujah
One for the playas at the crib, drinking drinks
And two is for the sound, Hootie Hoo that I make

[Hook]
Hootie Hoo
Tight like hallways, smoked out always (Hootie Hoo)
Yeah, Hootie Hoo
Big Boi's on my left, Andre's on my right
Tight like hallways, smoked out always (Hootie Hoo)

[Verse 2: André 3000]
Now playing these bitches is my favorite sport
But ain't no game when they be calling your name in the court
Oh, it's Saturday night, I guess that makes it alright
Got an obese twenty sack, fully packed, it's so tight
That it's busting out the seams, yes sir, I'm set
Oh, but let me tuck the 380 before I jet
Hops off in the Lac with Big Gipp, you got a light? (Hootie Hoo)
Communication device dun went off twice
Should I answer the call, yes, we macking 'em all
We met 'em up in the mall, recall Player's Ball
Well, it's Player's Ball 2, so I guess I'll call you
Later on, and then your whole crew can fall through
Now later on done got here
I takes a peek, now let me see, what do we got here?
Draws, falling down like niggas in a drive-by
I got up in them hoes and I told 'em bye bye
About two weeks later, she called me with some bullshit
Talking 'bout her period late, guess what I did
*click* naw, it couldn't be me, not me

[Hook]
Hootie Hoo,Big Boi's on my left, Andre's on my right
Tight like hallways, smoked out always (Hootie Hoo)
Yeah, Hootie Hoo
Big Boi's on my left, Andre's on my right
Tight like hallways, smoked out always (Hootie Hoo)

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
Well you know we getting blizzard
Cause we got that chicken gizzard
In the dungeon and scope
But some of you niggas can't cope with it
So, Opie, hip hop, to the front, to the back and it don't stop
From the streets of ATL to the slums of College Park
So God Almighty know, it's Outkast for the '94 era
You heard the player's call, we taking it to another level
So 'lujah, Halle, let me get a swallow of that Martell
And you may go to hell

[Verse 4: André 3000]
Set sail with a nigga from ATL, Southwest that is
It's that Southern sess in your chest that is
One mo' 'gain for my friend who don't take
No bullshit from no bitch who is stank
I ain't the sugar daddy nigga who will pay you
Silly of you to think that I would, but I will lay you
Down like some vocals, you can quote those
Head, till I'm dead, yes it's down yo throatholes
Don't get me wrong to disrespect is not my shit
But if you fall in this category, then youse a bitch
Hootie Hoo

[Hook]
Hootie Hoo, Big Boi's on my left, Andre's on my right
Tight like hallways, smoked out always (Hootie Hoo)
Yeah, Hootie Hoo
Big Boi's on my left, Andre's on my right
Tight like hallways, smoked out always (Hootie Hoo)
Hootie Hoo, Big Boi's on my left, Andre's on my right
Tight like hallways, smoked out always (Hootie Hoo)



[Hook]
Don't let them make you believe
That I'm crazy, that I'm crazy

[Verse 1]
I think it's a couple more things they owe us
I think it's a couple more things they owe us
Billions and cars and weed
And mothafuckin' minks is all that they show us
But we are the owners
I think it's a couple more things they owe us

[Hook]
So don't-don't-don't-don't
Don't-don't-don't
Don't let them make you believe
That I'm crazy, nigga I'm not crazy
I'm tellin' you
Don't-don't-don't
Don't-don't-don't
Don't let them make you believe
That I'm crazy, nigga I'm not crazy

[Verse 2]
See that's the magic of racism, it works on itself
We hate each other, screw each other, kill each other
When we can't kill nobody else
See that's the magic of lackin' resources, it works on itself
500 niggas gettin' pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-popped
And North Carolina didn't help
See that's the magic of racism, it works on itself
Niggas hate niggas, hate niggas, hate niggas, hate niggas
Hate niggas, hate niggas, ayy, niggas, ayy, nigga
And I was born in the A, nigga
And my name Ye, nigga, ayy nigga

[Hook]
Don't-don't-don't-don't
Don't-don't-don't
Don't make, make you believe that I'm crazy
I'm not crazy
Don't-don't-don't-don't
Don't-don't-don't
Don't let the media make you believe that I'm
That I'm...

[Outro]
See that's the shit I don't like



[Intro]
You used to call me on my
You used to, you used to
Yeah

[Chorus]
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
And I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing

[Verse 1]
Ever since I left the city, you
Got a reputation for yourself now
Everybody knows and I feel left out
Girl, you got me down, you got me stressed out
‘Cause ever since I left the city, you
Started wearing less and goin' out more
Glasses of champagne out on the dance floor
Hangin' with some girls I never seen before

[Chorus]
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing

[Verse 2]
Ever since I left the city, you, you, you
You and me, we just don't get along
You make me feel like I did you wrong
Going places where you don't belong
Ever since I left the city, you
You got exactly what you asked for
Running out of pages in your passport
Hangin' with some girls I've never seen before

[Chorus]
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
And I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing

[Bridge]
These days, all I do is
Wonder if you're bendin' over backwards for someone else
Wonder if you're rolling up a Backwoods for someone else
Doing things I taught you, gettin' nasty for someone else
You don't need no one else
You don't need nobody else, no
Why you never alone?
Why you always touching road?
Used to always stay at home
Be a good girl, you was in the zone
Yeah, you should just be yourself
Right now, you're someone else

[Chorus]
You used to call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
Call me on my cell phone
Late night when you need my love
And I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing
I know when that hotline bling
That can only mean one thing

[Outro]
Ever since I left the city…

[Produced by Nineteen85]



[Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it yeah?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I love the way you activate your hips and push your ass out
Got a nigga wantin' it so bad, I'm about to pass out
Wanna dig you, and I can't even lie about it
Baby, just alleviate your clothes, time to fly up out it
Catch you at a club, oh shit, you got me fiendin'
Body talkin' shit to me, but I can't comprehend the meanin'
Now, if you wanna roll with me, then here's your chance
Doin' eighty on the freeway, police, catch me if you can
Forgive me, I'm a rider, still I'm just a simple man
All I want is money, fuck the fame, I'm a simple man
Mr. International, player with the passport
Just like Aladdin, bitch, get you anything you ask for
It's either him or me; Champagne, Hennessy
A favorite of my homies when we floss on our enemies
Witness as we creep to a low speed, peep what a ho need
Puff some mo' weed, funk, ya don't need
Approachin' hoochies with a passion, been a long day
But I've been driven by attraction in a strong way
Your body is bangin', baby, I love it when you flaunt it
Time to give it to daddy, nigga, now tell me how you want it

[Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
Tell me is it cool to fuck?
Did you think I come to talk? Am I a fool or what?
Positions on the floor, it's like erotic
Ironic, 'cause I'm somewhat psychotic
I'm hittin' switches on bitches
Like I been fixed with hydraulics
Up and down like a roller coaster
I'm up inside ya, I ain't quittin' 'til the show is over
'Cause I'm a rider, in and out just like a robbery
I'll probably be a freak and let you get on top of me
Get her rockin' these, nights full of Alize
A livin' legend you ain't heard about
These niggas play these Cali days
C. Delores Tucker, you's a motherfucker
Instead of tryin' to help a nigga, you destroy a brother
Worse than the others; Bill Clinton, Mister Bob Dole
You're too old to understand the way the game's told
You're lame so I gotta hit you with the hot facts
Once I'm released, I'm makin' millions, nigga, top that
They wanna censor me; they'd rather see me in a cell
Livin' in hell, only a few of us'll live to tell
Now everybody talkin' about us, I could give a fuck
I'd be the first one to bomb and cuss
Nigga, tell me how you want it

[Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How do you  feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you  feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Raised as a youth, tell the truth
I got the scoop on how to get a bulletproof
Because I jumped from the roof before I was a teenager
Mobile phone, Skypager, game rules, I'm livin' major
My adversaries is lookin' worried
They paranoid of gettin' buried
One of us gon' see the cemetery
My only hope to survive if I wish to stay alive
Gettin' high, see the demons in my eyes, before I die
I wanna live my life and ball, make a couple million
And then I'm chillin', fade 'em all
These taxes got me crossed up and people tryin' to sue me
Media is in my business and they actin' like they know me
But I'ma mash out and peel out
I’m with a clique that’s quick to whip that fuckin' steel out
Yeah nigga, it's some new shit so better get up on it
When you see me, tell a nigga how you want it
How do you want it?

[Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Me and my Nigga Johnny J...yeah we out

[Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

[Outro: K-Ci & JoJo]
How do you want it?
How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game
Livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real



[Intro: Nicole Steen & Choir]
How great is our God
Sing with me, how great is our God
All will see how great, is our God (oooohh)
How great (how great) is our God (ohhh)
Sing with me, how great (how great) is our God
All will see how great, how great, is our God
Name above all names (name above all names)
Worthy of all praise (and my heart will)
And my heart will sing how great, is our God
Name above all names (name above all names)
Worthy of all praise (worthy of all praise)
And my heart will sing how great, is our God (whoa-ohh)
How great is our God (how great is all good)
Sing with me (won't you sing) how great is our God
(How great, and all will see)
All will see how great (how great, how great) is our God (ohhhh)
How great (how great is) is our God
Sing with me (sing with me) how great is our God (and all will see)
All will see how great (how great) how great (how great)
How great (how great) how great (how great)
How great, how great, is our God, ohh

[Interlude]
The first is that God is better than the world's best thing
God is better than the best thing that the world has to offer

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
Magnify, magnify, lift it on high
Spit a Spotify to qualify a spot on His side
I cannot modify or ratify, my momma made me apple pies
Lullabies and alibis, the book don't end with Malachi
Devil will win employee of the month by the dozen
'Til one score and three years from the third when he doesn't
My village raised 'em a child, come through the crib and it's bustin'
You meet anyone from my city, they gon' say that we cousins
Shabach barak, edify
Electrify the enemy like Hedwig till he petrifies
Any petty Peter Petigrew could get the pesticide, 79th, 79th
I don't believe in science, I believe in signs
Don't believe in signing, I seen dollar signs, color white collar crime
Good God, the gift of freedom, Hosanna Santa invoked
And woke up slaves from Southampton to Chatham Manor
My dream girl's behind me, feel like I'm James Early
The type of worship make Jesus come back a day early
With the faith of a pumpkin-seed-sized mustard seed
Hear, for I will speak noble things as entrusted me
Only righteous, I might just shrug at the skullduggery
I couldn't stand to see another rapper lose custody
Exalt, exalt, glorify, descend upon the earth with swords
And fortify the borders where your shortage lie
I used to hide from God, ducked down in the slums like "shhh"

[Verse 2: Jay Electronica]
I was lost in the jungle like Simba after the death of Mufasa
No hog, no meerkat
Hakuna matata by day
But I spent my night time fighting tears back
I prayed and prayed and left messages
But never got no hear back, or so it seemed
A mustard seed was all I needed to sow a dream
I build the ark to gently, gently
Row my boat down Noah's stream
Sometimes the path I took to reach
My petty goals was so extreme
I was so far down in the mud
Couldn't even let my light shine
But you was always there
When I needed to phone a friend or use a life line
From a lofty height we wage war
On the poltergeist with the exalted Christ
Spark the dark with the pulse of light
Strike a corpse with a pulse of life
I spit on the Tidal, it's tidal waves
I spit on the Apple and kill a worm
A fire in Cali will swallow a valley
For every African village burned
Jay Elect would've never made it
O' son of man, O' son of man
Who was the angel in Revelations
With a foot on water and a foot on land?
Who was the angel that rode a Harley
From the project to the house of Parliament
And opened the book in the Devil's chamber
And put the true name of the Lord in it?
Old Jerusalem, New Jerusalem
Comes like this beast with a ball of fire
They poisoned the scriptures
And gave us the pictures of false messiahs, it was all a lie
Mystery babylon, tumbling down
Satan's establishment crumbling down
This is the year that I come for the crown
Bury my enemies under the ground



[Produced by Andrew Lloyd and Young Fyre]

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
She owes me everything and she knows it
I've seen all the scenes in this movie, and she blows it at the end
She keeps talking to me, cause she knows that I'm a friend
But I can't keep hearing it over and over again
I was the one that you came to
When you broke up with your boyfriend, man, fuck him
Girl I was the one, that told you fuck them other niggas
And you still went and fucked them other niggas
Most people learn from the bad things
I hope that you learn and don't crash and burn in the fast lane
But if you read this letter then you caught me
This should explain all the ways that you taught me

[Hook: T-Pain]
How to hate a bitch that owe you everything
At least a wedding ring, moving on to better things
So don't you call me talking bout them other fools
I'm not good enough for you, I thought that we was cool
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't listen
I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
And I don't love them hoes
But don't fuck up with Wayne cause when it "Waynes" it pours
No really, I'm on my "fuck that bitch" shit
You used to be the shit, but now you ain't shit, bitch
I had a red bone, but she be tripping though
All that bullshit is for the birds, she was pigeon toed
She used to always say, fuck my niggas
And when I went to jail, she fucked my niggas
Well, I guess I'm single for the night
And you can sit right on my middle finger for the night
And if I sound mad, then you caught me
But this shit explains that you're the one that taught me

[Hook: T-Pain]
How to hate a bitch that owe you everything
At least a wedding ring, moving on to better things
So don't you call me talking bout them other fools
I'm not good enough for you, I thought that we was cool
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't listen
I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Coconut Ciroc
Forgive and forget, bitch I already forgot
I'm over the bitch, and she over the top
They say love is the key, somebody changed the lock
Well, and I wish I never met ya
And I heard you're doing you, and you heard I'm doing better
And all I had to do was put two and two together
But that just makes four, but not four-ever, damn
So much for being the perfect couple
I put in overtime, I was working doubles
I wish you the best, good luck boo
Weezy F, for "fuck you"

[Bridge: T-Pain]
No ain't nothing going on
Girl I'm moving on, just take your ass home
Get away from here girl, I'm so glad you're gone
This is the last song I'm writing for you
Now I see how you can be
I don't want you 'round you me all you do is down me girl
How many years I tried to get ya
Don't even text my phone when it hit ya, cause girl done taught me

[Hook: T-Pain]
How to hate a bitch that owe you everything
At least a wedding ring, moving on to better things
So don't you call me talking bout them other fools
I'm not good enough for you, I thought that we was cool
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I won't listen
I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches



[Verse]
Foot and hand on the gates
We was jumping 'em, fuck, I'm like quicksand in my ways
Was always stuck in 'em, stuck it in and I ambulance came
The first time which ain't fast if you Los Angeles raised (nigga)
My bitch say the spliff take the soul from me (aye)
And the clique tight-knit, it's like the 'lo rugby
Beat the fucking beat up like it stole from me (yup)
You can talk to Clancy, you need a feature or quote from me (Bitch) I'm off Delancey, I reek of reefer and show money
It's Early running with niggas who cold running shit
The wins like lotion, he get 'em, he gone rub 'em in
Critics pretend to get it and bitches just don't fuck with him
I spent the day drinking and missing my grandmother, just
Grab a glass and pour some cold white wine in it
A Colt .45 in it, you know how I get it
I'm toasting myself and a toast to all my niggas
And ain't no time limit, I'm toasted as hell
And I gotta jot it quick cause I can't focus so well

[Outro]
And now, a formal introduction



[Intro]
Nobody pray for me
It's been that day for me
Waaaaay (yeah, yeah!)

[Verse 1]
Ayy, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances
Finesse a nigga with some counterfeits, but now I’m countin' this
Parmesan where my accountant lives, in fact I'm downin’ this
D'USSÉ with my boo bae tastes like Kool-Aid for the analysts
Girl, I can buy yo' ass the world with my paystub
Ooh, that pussy good, won't you sit it on my taste bloods?
I get way too petty once you let me do the extras
Pull up on your block, then break it down: we playin' Tetris
A.M. to the P.M., P.M. to the A.M., funk
Piss out your per diem, you just gotta hate 'em, funk
If I quit your BM, I still ride Mercedes, funk
If I quit this season, I still be the greatest, funk
My left stroke just went viral
Right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral
Soprano C, we like to keep it on a high note
It's levels to it, you and I know

[Chorus]
Bitch, be humble (hol’ up, bitch)
Sit down (hol’ up, lil', hol’ up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (hol' up, sit down, lil’, sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Bitch, sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (lil' bitch, hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil', hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (hol' up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Bitch, sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (lil' bitch, hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)

[Verse 2]
Who dat nigga thinkin' that he frontin' on Man-Man? (Man-Man)
Get the fuck off my stage, I'm the Sandman (Sandman)
Get the fuck off my dick, that ain't right
I make a play fucking up your whole life
I'm so fuckin' sick and tired of the Photoshop
Show me somethin' natural like afro on Richard Pryor
Show me somethin' natural like ass with some stretch marks
Still will take you down right on your mama's couch in Polo socks
Ayy, this shit way too crazy, ayy, you do not amaze me, ayy
I blew cool from AC, ayy, Obama just paged me, ayy
I don't fabricate it, ayy, most of y'all be fakin', ayy
I stay modest 'bout it, ayy, she elaborate it, ayy
This that Grey Poupon, that Evian, that TED Talk, ayy
Watch my soul speak, you let the meds talk, ayy
If I kill a nigga, it won't be the alcohol, ayy
I'm the realest nigga after all

[Chorus]
Bitch, be humble (hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (hol' up, lil', hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (hol' up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Bitch, sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (lil' bitch, hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil', hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (hol' up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Bitch, sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (lil' bitch, hol' up, bitch)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)



[Intro: Open Mike Eagle]
So. . . sleepy
When I snap my fingers

[Verse 1: Open Mike Eagle]
To thine own self, be felt-tip
Hip as a belt clip
With a helmet fit for helpless feels
If you can help it
Reassess the unarmed
Leave refreshed and unharmed
Bring milk and honey to the funny farm
See the rest become charmed dumb
"An apple a day," what apple sellers say
I was brought into this world with the instinct to back the hell away
And the will to write a rap song as long as an Alaskan day
To fight to balance those two feels is a personal passion play
But so what?
Flying fucks is thrown at rolling doughnuts
My feet is cold, but so what?
Cause I'm bold enough to show up
I-- what's the hold up-
-side down, ketchup bottle speed
Uncoordinated, running with pigeon toes and knobby knees
God damn it, folks will follow me
Bucket of random body parts
Master of the sloppy arts
Like Kindergartners trying to be done
Big dumb-dumb trying to fly to the sun
I'm dried up and look at what I have become

[Chorus: Open Mike Eagle]
Sing it like a church song
Like a old-time prayer from a dead man written on a notebook
Draw with a ink pen
Like it doesn't even matter if it go, god damn it, it's the first time
Make it like a mistake
Sing it like a church song
Written when the shit wasn't going right
Sing it like it don't hurt
Like it can't break
Like it's this big

[Bridge]
I ain't no chili pepper
I ain't got mama's gun
I ain't in Evanescence
I ain't in All-4-One
I got a dumb agenda
Can't even make a plan
If you remember the moment come here and shake my hand
I ain't no chili pepper
I ain't got mama's gun
I ain't in Evanescence
I ain't in All-4-One
I got a dumb agenda
Can't even make a plan
If you remember the moment come here and shake my hand

[Chorus: Open Mike Eagle]
Sing it like a church song
Like a old-time prayer from a dead man written on a notebook
Draw with a ink pen
Like it doesn't even matter if it go, god damn it, it's the first time
Make it like a mistake
Sing it like a church song
Written when the shit wasn't going right
Sing it like it don't hurt
Like it can't break
Like it's this big

[Verse 3: Sammus]
I'd rather be hiding alone like some Ewoks
Up in tree tops
Creeping around like I'm T-Boz
Steeping the grounds in my teapots
But I'm Steve Jobs
On my Apple updating my E-Shops
Eat a apple a day, take a brief pause
Take a nap, lie awake in-between sobs
Then I rap and I pray and the grief stops
My ego take cheap shots
Can't believe how she speak to me
She talks like it's neat pushing buttons like key fobs
Well good day, bitch, I'm writing this beat knocks
Tryna pen classics like Reeboks
Or Greek thoughts or a Fleet Fox
And teach a good message like Aesop's
That stick to my skin just like grease spots
So forget all the things that my dreams cost
Yeah, I'm getting my kicks, fuck some clean socks
Ice cold, we living like freeze pops
Cause I'm gonna take licks while I defrost
Divest from your demons, and weak stocks
And invest in your team 'til your scene pops
It might mean wearing jeans 'til the seam pops
But don't wait like Dre did with Detox
No hate hinder me, I will clean clocks
Like today, I can't play, I don't give fucks
I won't change what I say, take your screenshots
Yeah, I'm just being me that's what she wants
And this might seem weird cause a dream stops
When you wake up but for the sake of
Finding peace, no sleep when you dream jobs
Now please, go be who you dream of



[Verse 1]
Sorry, sorry I got a missed call from the massage parlor
Oh shoot it’s you, fresh out of jail telling me “need to ball harder”
You don’t rap to improve, you pull a jack move on the ear and toe[?] below
With your backup you know how the story goes
So before we know, you make the party blow
What’s that? You figure we should do it just because you’re getting 14 a brick
You said this while handcuffed to a hospital bed, hooked to a morphine drip
I met your criminality, and I don’t like a bunch of grown [?] cause you don’t know right
You sold an eighth to a stranger and they had to call and quarantine the strip
Nigga, keep quiet or I’ll export you in the mix

[Hook]
(Minor, major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player)
So miss me with that hyperbole
(Minor, major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player)
Miss me with that hyperbole
(Minor, major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player)
Miss me with that hyperbole

[Bridge]
I’m so out my place, I can hear your face
Sorry, sorry, hey
I’m so out my place, I can hear your face

[Verse 2]
Saw me back in the day, you said what's so up with these
Now you want me cause the hoes fuck with me
Now you want to go start a clothing company
Yeah right, yeah right, let me be
Bitch your smiling was real thin
So I'm licking my thumb trying to trail winds
And fuck nigga, you're in a tail spin
Thrown up in the pen by a tactful supremacist
And now you wear that Bluetooth suppository
Reading from a script with no actual premises
Abiding by the whim of an afro-fetishist
Fronting like you're rolling around fifty deep
Your homies are like sterilized chimney sweeps
I took him to the OG to get him vetted
And he said there's no gangster in your Dickies crease

[Hook]
[(Minor, major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player)
So miss me with that hyperbole
(Minor, major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player)
Miss me with that hyperbole
(Minor, major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player)
Miss me with that hyperbole]

[Verse 3]
While doing business on an out of town trip
You hit an undercover with a roundhouse kick
While wearing an army jacket with a thirty round clip
So miss me with that hyperbole
You shootin' niggas on accident when the phone beeps
So the character assassination is bone deep
Cause the idea is if you don’t be seen, got no reads
So fuck your hyperbole
You wanna move into an estate home
But you can't get a bank loan with a gun charge
Plus, why would you give all the crack addicts punch cards?
And fuck all that shit you do
I can only make an expensive song
When you're vetted and incredibly slender
I'm getting audited as a celebrity sinner

[Hook]
(Minor, major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player)
So miss me with that hyperbole
(Minor, major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player)
Miss me with that hyperbole
(Minor, major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player)
Miss me with that hyperbole
(Minor, major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player)

[Outro]
Sorry, sorry, yeah
I’m so out my place, I can hear your face



[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Hah, sicker than your average
Poppa twist cabbage off instinct
Niggas don't think shit stink
Pink gators, my Detroit players
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn
Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there e'ry night
Poppa been smooth since days of Underoos
Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
Do somethin' to us, talk go through us
Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff
Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3
(Take that, take that, take that, ha ha!)
Bang every MC easily, busily
Recently niggas frontin', ain't sayin' nothin'
So I just speak my piece, keep my peace
Cubans with the Jesus piece, with my peeps
Packin', askin', "Who want it?"
You got it, nigga, flaunt it
That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it

[Hook: Pamela Long]
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I put hoes in NY onto DKNY
Miami, D.C. prefer Versace
All Philly hoes go with Moschino
Every cutie with a booty bought a Coogi
Now who's the real dookie?
Meaning, who's really the shit?
Them niggas ride dicks, Frank White push the six
Or the Lexus, LX, four and a half
Bulletproof glass, tints if I want some ass
Gonna blast, squeeze first, ask questions last
That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
At last, a nigga rappin' about blunts and broads
Tits and bras, ménage à trois, sex in expensive cars
I'll still leave you on the pavement
Condo paid for, no car payment
At my arraignment, note for the plaintiff
"Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement"
Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy
Richer than Richie, 'til you niggas come and get me

[Hook: Pamela Long]
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I can fill you with real millionaire shit (I can fill ya)
Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly
Wreck it, buy a new one
Your crew run-run-run, your crew run-run
I know you sick of this, name brand nigga with
Flows, girls say he's sweet like licorice
So, get with this nigga, it's easy
Girlfriend, here's a pen, call me round ten
Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian
Come up to your job, hit you while you workin'
For certain, Poppa freakin', not speakin'
Leave that ass leakin', like rapper demo
Tell them ho take they clothes off slowly
Hit 'em with the force like Obi
Dick black like Toby
Watch me roam like Romey
Lucky they don't owe me
Where the safe? Show me, homie (homie)

[Hook: Pamela Long]
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid



One glad morning
When this life is over
I'll fly away
To a land where
Joy shall never end
I'll fly away

Oh I'll fly away oh glory
I'll fly away
When I die Hallelujah bye and bye
I'll fly away



[Verse 1: Guru]
I said people people, come on and check it out now
You see the mic in my hand now watch me wreck it now
What is a party if the crew ain't there?
(What's your name, kid?)
Call me Guru that's my man Premier
Now many attempts have been made to hold us back
Slander the name and withhold facts
But I'm the type of brother with much more game
I got a sure aim and if I find you're to blame
You can bet you'll be exterminated, taken out, done
It doesn't matter how many, they go as easy as just one
Bust one round in the air for this here
'Cause this year suckers are going nowhere
'Cause my street style and intelligence level
Makes me much more than just an angry rebel
I'm Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal
MCs that ain't equipped get flipped in my circle
I'm aiming on, raining on those bitch ass chumps
'Cause their rhymes don't flow and their beats don't pump
And niggas better know I paid my dues and shit
I'm 'bout to blow the fuck up 'cause I refuse to quit
I'm out to get the props that are rightfully mine
Yeah me and the crew think it's about that time
But on the DL you know that Gang Starr will conquer
That's why you stare and point and others cling on to
My Nautica, asking for a hook-up
Well sorry but my schedule is all booked up
Nobody put me on I made it up the hard way
Look out for my people but the suckers should parlay
'Cause it's business kid, this ain't no free for all
You have to wait your turn, you must await your call
So now, now it is my duty to
Eliminate and subtract all of the booty crews
And suckers should vacate, before I get irate
And I'll kick your can from here to Japan
With force you can't withstand 'cause I'm the motherfucking man

[Bridge: Guru]
Yo right now I got my man Lil Dap from the Group Home
Yo step up to the mic and tell them why you're the man

[Verse 2: Lil Dap]
So much anger built inside
So don't stop to say hi, motherfucker just die
My shit holds a mouthful so I guess you know what's up
Why punks get killed at the end of the month
Styles and styles I flip, Lil Dap remains sick
Yes the Group Home is thick so all you punks hear this
Every time you riff the more fame that we get
Motherfuckers act hard, thinking that they are God
Niggas just don't understand, let me be my own man
Did everything on my own, 'cause every place wasn't home
Anywhere that I rest, had to dress with a vest
I guess you get the routine, but with a lot of stress
Frustration on my mind, brothers doing mad time
Rhymes are organized like crime as they're ripped in a line
Brothers just don't know how shit got to go
'Cause I was told to never give my back to the street
As I walk through the ghetto, dead souls I greet
See my man give him pound, then I walk with a frown
Another minute, another brother's gunned down
Shit is getting too close, that's why the Group Home is thick
So every time you riff, the more fame that we get
My father always said don't watch the one across the street
Watch the one right next, because he's easy to flex
Took heed to what he said, yeah that deep ass nigga
While brothers hang around, trying to get down
Niggas just don't understand, I'm the motherfucking man

[Bridge: Guru]
And also on the set from Dirty Rotten Scoundrels
We got my man Jeru the Damaja
Yo tell them why you're the man

[Verse 3: Jeru the Damaja]
I'll tap your jaw, you probably heard it before
Step to the bedlamite, I'll prove my word is law
Drugstore worth more, dope rhyme vendor
Not partial to beef, a chief ambassador
Niggas get mad 'cause they can't score
Like a wild west flick they wish to shoot up my door
But I incite a riot, don't even try it
Bust up chumps so crab kids keep quiet
Like I said before I tap jaws, snatch whores
Kill suckers in wars, vic a style you said was yours
Money grip wanna flip but you're fish
House the mic like your hooker and did tricks on the bitch
Dirty Rotten Scoundrel and my name is Jeru
Utilizing my tools in '92
MCs step up in mobs to defeat us when
We rock knots and got props like Norm Peterson
Lots of friends, lots of fun, lots of beers
Got the skills, greeno so I always get cheers
Troop on like a trooper no tears for fears
I'ma get mines 'cause the crew'll get theirs
Cut you up like Edward Scissorhands
You know the program I'm the motherfucking man



[Produced by Childish Gambino, Stefan Ponce & Ludwig Göransson]

[Intro: Childish Gambino]
Rainbows, sunshine, everywhere we go
Rainbows, sunshine, go

[Hook: Childish Gambino]
Rainbows, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine, yeah
Rainbows, sunshine

[Bridge: Childish Gambino]
I thought I told you 'bout it (act like you know)
(Act like you know, act like you know)
You don't leave home without it (move that kilo)
(Move that kilo, move that kilo)
She on my back about it (C3PO)
(C3PO, C3PO)
And all the time (act like you know)
Oh oh, yeah (Act like you know, act like you know)

[Verse 1: Childish Gambino]
How could you ever question? They know better to mention
The Budget truck ain't just enough to make her pay attention
The who, what, why and where, they sport the flyest pairs
She got the nicest hair and she know life is better with this nigga
It's crazy how the world look different
It's crazy how the girls look different
The colors and the sounds so vivid
You never catch your boy po-pimpin'
Me sittin' on the sidewalk, now that don't sound right
But as long as I look fly by prom night—go

[Hook: Childish Gambino]
Rainbows (ho!) sunshine
Rainbows (ho!) sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine, yeah
Rainbows, sunshine

[Interlude]
Jhene Aiko's angelic harmonizing

[Verse 2: Jhene Aiko]
He slangs, his yay, through the corridors
Every day, 20K, yep, at the very least for sure
And they say there's no way
I should stay with someone like you, but I tell them no
There's no way I could stray
Gotta stay with someone like you
'Cause I know one day
You could take me away, far away
I know you could pay
All the money you made, there'll be plenty of sunshine

[Bridge: Childish Gambino]
I never worry 'bout it (act like you know)
(Act like you know, act like you know)
I have my nigga count it (back up them O's)
No, no (back up them O's, back up them O's)
She's dressed up in gold (dressed up in gold)
(C3PO, C3PO)
I'm out of time (act like you know)
Oh, no, no, no (act like you know, act like you know)

[Outro: Childish Gambino]
I'm out of time, oh no no
Out of time, oooh
I'm out of time, out of time
La-la-la, la-la-la (go)



[Intro: Shane Powers]
Right now we got some new music only here on Golf Radio!
(God I love this sample)
We're going to dance
And exercise
And have some fun

[Chorus]
I ain't got time for these niggas
Better throw a watch at the boy
Had my boys in this bitch, looking like a seminar
Who the fuck you talking to motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time for these bitches
Better throw a clock at these hoes
Have these hoes in this bitch looking for a waterhose
Who the fuck you talking to, motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time

[Verse 1]
Boy, I need a Kleenex
How I got this far? Boy, I can't believe it
That I got this car, so I take the scenic
Passenger a white boy, look like River Phoenix
First... happy birthday!
You bitch ass nigga, yup I'm thirsty
Them little shots that you threw, they ain't hurt me
I ain't fuck with you bitch ass in the first place

[Chorus]
I ain't got time for these niggas
Better throw a watch at the boy
Had my boys in this bitch, looking like a seminar
Who the fuck you talking to motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time for these bitches
Better throw a clock at these hoes
Have these hoes in this bitch looking for a waterhose
Who the fuck you talking to, motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time

[Verse 2]
Nat Turner would be so proud of me
'Cause all these motherfuckers got they style from me
I bet they all looking from the crowd at me
And if I ask them, they would bow at me
But you're a house nigga, so you don't know
How that shit go, with my big lips and my big nose
And my big dick and my short hair
'Cause you already know how slow my shit grow

[Bridge]
(Hey)
Tick tock
Tick tock
Tick tock
Tick tock

[Verse 3]
Been the man with a pickle plan, niggas know the dill
When I sell the carnival, I bet I get a 100 mil'
Next line will have 'em like "Whoa"
I've been kissing white boys since 2004
One me, two feet, three mmms
Four, five, six years ago sucked
Seven figure conversations with Converse finalized
'Cause Vans fucked up
I'ma read commas, you gon' leave comments
Saying what I shoulda did, but you ain't did nada
You ain't important
I'ma keep sporting
All smiles over here
Shout out to The Garden
(Tick tock)
(And that's a fact boy!)
And I just handle all my business like a chess board
(Tick tock, tick, tock)
And at them Golf boys?
That's my motherfucking set, boy
Hard pill to swallow like some thick soda
Walk weird 'cause my pockets look like thick Yoda
With a Skywalker, riding 'round solar
Anakin skin Sprite, and my tint cola
I'm getting neck from a broad like some big shoulders
Till I bust like that 9 in ya heat holster
Everything I say is hot, bitch I speak toaster
And the bread orthodox like I eat kosher
Shout out to (shhh) they gave a big loaf of
Green bread, got me chilling like a clean sofa
What's that thick odor?
Young Millie T
A young, focused black boy, oh silly me
(I ain't got time!)

[Verse 4]
Better talk shit
'Cause I'm either in my Cons or my Golf shit
Pants got a lil flood, nigga pipe down
I'm Lil Boosie, Lil Boosie, way I wipe down
(Boy I ain't got time!)
Yeah right now
'Cause niggas dying every day and I ain't light brown
And i-D ain't wanna give a nigga no post
So I went and did a 12-page spread in Vogue
(Nigga I ain't got time!)

[Outro]
Listen man, I'm that boy
All you little niggas clones
Boy I fill that void
You better kill that noise
Turn around and remap route
When they see that boy with them big ears and that gap tooth
Bitch
Tick, Tock
Tick, Tock
Tick, Tock
"Fuck... Hello"



[Intro: 2Pac]
Change, shit
I guess change is good for any of us
Whatever it take for any of y'all niggas to get up out the hood
Shit, I'm wit'cha, I ain't mad at cha
Got nothin' but love for ya, do your thing, boy
Yeah, all the homies that I ain't talk to in a while
I'ma send this one out for y'all
Know what I mean? 'Cause I ain't mad at cha
Heard y'all tearin' up shit out there
Kickin' up dust, givin' a motherfuck
Yeah, niggas, 'cause I ain't mad at cha

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Now we was once two niggas of the same kind
Quick to holla at a hoochie with the same line
You was just a little smaller, but you still rolled
Got stretched to Y.A. and hit the hood swoll
'Member when you had a Jheri Curl, didn't quite learn
On the block, wit'cha Glock, trippin' off sherm
Collect calls to the crib, sayin' how you've changed
Oh, you a Muslim now? No more dope game
Heard you might be comin' home, just got bail
Wanna go to the mosque, don't wanna chase tail
It seems I lost my little homie, he's a changed man
Hit the pen and now no sinnin' is the game plan
When I talk about money, all you see is the struggle
When I tell you I'm livin' large, you tell me it's trouble
Congratulations on the weddin', I hope your wife know
She got a playa for life, and that's no bullshittin'
I know we grew apart, you probably don't remember
I used to fiend for your sister, but never went up in her
And I can see us after school, we'd bomb
On the first motherfucker with the wrong shit on
Now the whole shit's changed and we don't even kick it
Got a big money scheme and you ain't even with it
Knew in my heart you was the same motherfucker that
Go toe to toe when it's time to roll, you got a brother's back
And I can't even trip, 'cause I'm just laughin' at cha
You tryin' hard to maintain, then go ahead
'Cause I ain't mad at cha

[Chorus: Danny Boy & 2Pac]
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
We used to be like distant cousins, fightin', playin' dozens
Whole neighborhood buzzin', knowin' that we wasn't
Used to catch us on the roof or behind the stairs
I'm gettin' blitzed and I reminisce on all the times we shared
Besides bumpin' and grindin', wasn't nothin' on our mind
In time, we'd learned to live a life of crime
Rewind us back to a time was much too young to know
I caught a felony, lovin' the way the guns blow
And even though we separated, you said that you'd wait
Don't give nobody no coochie while I'll be locked up state
I kiss my mama goodbye and wipe the tears from her lonely eyes
Said I'll return but I gotta fight, the fate's arrived
Don't shed a tear, 'cause Mama, I ain't happy here
I blew trial, no more smiles for a couple years
They got me goin' mad, I'm knockin' busters on they backs
In my cell, thinkin', "Hell, I know one day I'll be back"
As soon as I touch down
I told my girl I'd be there, so prepare to get fucked down
The homies wanna kick it, but I'm just laughin' at cha
'Cause you's a down-ass bitch and I ain't mad at cha

[Chorus: Danny Boy & 2Pac]
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
A true down-ass bitch and I ain't mad at cha

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Well, guess who's movin' up? This nigga's ballin' now
Bitches be callin' to get it, hookers keep fallin' down
He went from nothin' to lots, ten carats to rock
Went from a nobody nigga to the big man on the block
He's Mr. Local-Celebrity, addicted to movin' ki's
Most hated by enemies, escape in the luxury
See, first you was our nigga, but you made it so the choice is made
Now we gotta slay you while you faded, in the younger days
So full of pain while the weapons blaze
Gettin' so high off that bomb, hopin' we make it to the better days
'Cause crime pays, and in time, you'll find a rhyme'll blaze
You'll feel the fire from the niggas in my younger days
So many changed on me, so many tried to plot
That I keep a Glock beside my head, when will it stop?
'Til God return me to my essence
'Cause even as an adolescent, I refused to be a convalescent
So many questions and they ask me if I'm still down
I moved up out of the ghetto, so I ain't real now?
They got so much to say, but I'm just laughin' at cha
You niggas just don't know, but I ain't mad at cha

[Chorus: Danny Boy & 2Pac]
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
Hell nah, I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
And I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha
I ain't mad at cha



[Produced by  Daft Punk, Hudson Mohawke, Kanye West & Mike Dean]

[Intro: Sample]
"Blazin, mi don't want dem
Mi need dem
Blazin"
"Suh mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated"
"Yo mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated"

[Intro]
I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

[Hook]
I am a god
Hurry up with my damn massage
Hurry up with my damn ménage
Get the Porsche out the damn garage
I am a god
Even though I'm a man of God
My whole life in the hand of God
So y'all better quit playin' with God

[Verse 1]
Soon as they like you make 'em unlike you
Cause kissin' people ass is so unlike you
The only rapper compared to Michael
So here's a few hatin'-ass niggas to fight you
And here's a few snake-ass niggas to bite you
And I don't even wanna hear 'bout what niggas might do
Old niggas mentally still in high school
Since the tight jeans they ain't never liked you
Pink-ass polos with a fuckin' backpack
But everybody know you brought real rap back
Nobody had swag, man, we the Rat Pack
Virgil, Pyrex, Don C snapback
Ibn diamond, Chi-town shinin'
Monop' in this bitch again, changed the climate
Hop in this bitch to give Saint the garment
Until the day I get struck by lightning

[Hook]
I am a god
So hurry up with my damn massage
In a French-ass restaurant
Hurry up with my damn croissants
I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!

[Verse 2]
I just talked to Jesus
He said, "What up, Yeezus?"
I said, "Shit—I'm chillin'
Tryna stack these millions"
I know he the most high
But I am a close high
Mi casa, su casa
That's our cosa nostra
I am a god
I am a god
I am a god
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!

[Outro: Justin Vernon]
Ain't no way I'm givin' up. I'm a god



[Intro: Ghostface Killah]
The technique is ill son, watch how I spill one
Peace to Biggie, 2Pac, Big L and Big Pun
Havoc on the streets of Staten, snitches
House niggas, children watch as they produce the same pattern
Somebody raped our women, murdered our babies
Hit us with the cracks and guns in the early 80's
For those that murdered me shall stand before God
To fall at the hands of fate, then out comes the rod
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back

[Verse 1: Ghostface Killah]
What the fuck is going on, I can't go to sleep
Feds jumping out their jeeps, I can't go to sleep
Babies with flies on they cheeks, it's hard to go to sleep
Ish bowled two 6's twice, I couldn't go to sleep
Aiyyo we deep in the stairs, we carry big guns
Whippy got hit up with the big shit, bong bong
Stop at the cheeba spot, then pass the leak spot
Drove past y'all niggas again, you took a cheap shot
Not knowing, fucking with me you get your meat chopped
You thought we fell on our face, you need to be stopped
Call on the chariots, call on an ambulance
You better smile, my nigga you on Candid Cam
Gangsta broad, these be the laws, walk with big balls
Nigga, motherfucking eunuch, I even take which was yours
I'm the nigga that made you, man
When your rap wasn't doing well I'm the nigga that gave you a hand

[Hook: Isaac Hayes]
Don't kill your brother, learn to love each other
Don't get mad, cause it ain't that bad
Look at who you are, you've come too far
It's in your hands, just be a man
Get the jelly out your spine
Cobwebs out of your mind

[Verse 2: RZA]
I can't go to sleep, I can't shut my eyes
They shot the father at his mom's building seven times
They shot Malcolm in the chest, front of his little seeds
Jesse watched as they shot King on the balcony
Exported Marcus Garvey cause he tried to spark us
With the knowledge of ourselves and our forefathers
Oh Jacqueline you heard the rifle shots crackling
Her husband's head in her hands, you tried to put it back in
America's watching, blood-stained ink blotches
Medgar took one to the skull for integrating college
What's the science? Somebody? This is trick knowledge
They try to keep us enslaved and still scrape for dollars
Walking through Park Hill, drunk as a fuck
Looking around like these Devils
I'm ready to break this world down
They got me trapped up in a metal gate
Just stressed out with hate
And just give me no time to relax and use my mind to meditate
What should I do, grab a blunt or a brew
Grab a .22 and run out there and put this fucking violence in you
I can't go to sleep, I can't shut em, son, I-

[Outro: Isaac Hayes]
Don't let the game make you lose your head
You should be calling the shots instead
The power is in your hands
Stop all this crying and be a man



[Verse 1]
Maybe we should’ve stayed, where we was
We hopped in thinking it was a game, and it was
We made it then celebrated post-game, but the buzz
My hindsight’s blurry it’s looking grey, with a fuzz
Trying to muster all the foresight I can use, for the road
Cause out here ain’t no streetlights I can view, where we go
This was supposed to be the desert I’m confused, cause it’s cold
Seeking what sunlight reflecting off the moon, could expose
Took two, for the road
Drank three, in the zone
Drank four, to the dome
Couple hits from the bowl hit the road
But maybe we should’ve stayed, where we was
We hopped in thinking it never rains, but it does
And this is the loneliest stretch of road, we done seen
Two hundred miles to go and not a pole, in between
Don't roll, don't careen
Two hands, on the wheel keep control
I don’t know if I’m speeding or going slow, in a dream


[Hook]
Slidin’ in the shimmership, hidden by the riverbank
Hovering over the desert running out of real estate
Giant silver snake, grinding trying to hit the breaks, big mistake
Just trying to stay awake on the interstate


[Verse 2]
I can’t touch the bottom but I’m floating hella deep
I had a co-pilot but they fucking fell asleep
You’re supposed to be another set of motherfucking eyes
You shared your entertaining thoughts but now I’m stuck with mine
Damn near fucking blind, don’t know why you trust me to drive
I guess cause everytime you trust, we survive, but it’s time
Is a motherfucking gamble
Eventually lady luck will call and say she cancels
You betting on my confidence when I was extra high, now I’m extra high
We'll pull over just to rest my eyes
And the only thing, fueling me is that I’m scared to die
And I’m scared for you cause you could die and never said goodbye
Why you trust me so? Why’d you let me lead
When I don’t know where I’m going and I speed?
And this vehicle’s the jankiest
Feel this coffee ruining my stomach and my pancreas
Sounds make me the angriest
So foggy the words, seem to be turning different languages I


[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Maybe we should’ve stayed, where we was
This is the loneliest planet I’ve ever seen
And I am in no state to try to fly, this machine
I don’t know this terrain
All my instruments are twisted all my needles won’t behave
I don’t know what’s in this atmosphere so when we finally crash
I don’t know if we’ll be able to breathe, if we’ll be able to leave
I have the tools to repair, whatever structures we tear
I know at first it was yeah, but I was so unaware
Of like the cost of the fuel
It started awesome now we’re tossed and I lost all of my cool



I ride for this shit, and I'll die for this shit
And I'll ride for this shit, and I'll die...

I don't want to be like what everyone else be like
If that means I gotta be like what everyone else be like then I don't want to be liked
If I gotta be like, what everybody else be like
Then I don't want to be liked
I don't want to be liked
Because I was so...
Dig down in your soul
And look to the sky above
Being liked is nothing, when you could be loved
God is love
God is love
God is love
God is love
So I would rather follow God than to follow the media
I would rather follow God than to follow perception
Because most artists aren't appreciated in their own time
So the more and more and more I'm disliked, the better I must be doing
Because most artists aren't appreciated in their own time
So the more and more I'm disliked, the much, the better I must be doing
You know why? Because I don't want to be liked
If that means, I gotta be like the way everyone else be like
The way everyone else sees like
The way everyone else does...
I've got my own vision and make my own decisions
And don't ask for permission, and I am on a mission
I am on a mission
I only want to do it on my conditions
I only want to do it my way
I'm only going to do it His way
I'm only going to do it this way
I'm only going to do it this way
I'm only going to do it this way
If you love someone tonight
Hold on to it
If you love someone tonight
Hold on, hold on real tight
Hold on, hold on real tight

Yeah, yeah...
Yeah, always find, yeah, always find, yeah, always find something...
So you've been puttin' with this just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us, to have a...
Let's have a toast for the...
Ayy, let's have a toast for the...
Ayy, let's have a toast for the...
Hey, everyone in there that I...
Ayy, let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take...
Baby, I got a plan, run away fast as you can



[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
I never would've thought that
Feelings could get thrown in the air
Cause I accidentally caught that
I need some new boxing gloves, shit got hectic whenever I fought back
For example, ten minutes can't go past without you brushing my thoughts
That's fourteen forty a day so I'll say a hundred and forty four times
I think about you or something like that
Lost match, the fucking thought of you with somebody else
I don't like that; cellular convos getting left in the wrong
Cause I get so fucking mad when you don't write back
This isn't a song, I just happen to rhyme when I get emo
And find time to write facts (fuck)
I love you

Can we add some more color, um, like, some more, yellow
Yeah, that's good

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Girl, you fucking with my emotions
The fuck is all this noise about?
I even considered picking up smoking
You turned to a bitch, who let the dogs out?
But in my dog house
My bitch is the raddest
Crazy who makes me the happiest
Can make me the saddest
Look Alice
Let's get lost in your wonder-er-land fuck an atlas
You're perfectly perfect for me
What the fuck is this, practice?
Actually, if you even consider leaving
I'll lose a couple screws in due time, I'll stop breathing
And you'll see the meaning of stalking
When I pop out the dark to find you
And that new dude that you're seeing with an attitude
Then proceed to fuck up your evening
Make sure you never meet again like goddamn vegans
Cause when I hear your name I can not stop cheesing
I love you so much that my heart stops beating when you're leaving
And I'm grieving and my heart starts bleeding
Life without you has no goddamn meaning
Sorry—I'm passive-aggressive for no goddamn reason
It's that my mood change like these goddamn seasons
I'll fall for you, but I love you

I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled
Yeah

[Bridge: Both]
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it tonight
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling bitch, let's try to catch it tonight

[Verse 3: Pharrell (Tyler)]
C'mon baby
Even though I hate you
I still love you
I love you
And Salem, my love (I know)
I'm passive aggressive (I'm sorry, fuck)
(Come here)
I like when we hold hands
(You're the best around)
See I get jealous (fuck)
And if I see that nigga (If I see him)
I just might kill him (look)
(Look. I wanna strangle you, till you stop breathing)
Love, love, love
(Spend the rest of my life, looking for air)
(so you can breathe, or we can die together, you and me)
(Fuck, look)
I'm in love (Love)

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator as Wolf and Salem]
"Yo, why is Samuel such a fucking dick?"
"He isn't such a badass actually. He's only here because he ran away, because some shit happened back home. He's actually a dweeb"
"Yo, what happened?"



[Verse]
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
I gotta say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye
See, I invented Kanye, it wasn't any Kanyes
And now I look and look around and there's so many Kanyes
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye
I even had the pink polo, I thought I was Kanye
What if Kanye made a song about Kanye
Called "I Miss The Old Kanye"? Man, that'd be so Kanye
That's all it was Kanye, we still love Kanye
And I love you like Kanye loves Kanye



[Busdriver]
I'm just here to hold your hand when you die
And to show you around imaginary places
Put money lumps in my bloody stump
And I will have a smile that's a perfect circle
Die in your sleep with the sky at your feet
I'll shoot you when you're happy, on the day that you will find peace
How do you do? I don't know I'm okay
Every person I know is a secret service agent
'Cause I'm accused of lewd conduct
Stole the heart of a prude prom slut
And they got the warrant for my arrest to put me in
The loony bin, the funny farm, because of what I did

But I'm just here to hold your hand when you die
There is not a single person who can do it better
No needle skippin in my ecosystem
But in the audience may be an evil Christian
HMO how I hate him so
But they charge me for a halo
But I'm on a scavenger hunt for a lavender chunk
Of the sky, maybe I'll replace it with a mud-pie
I play dead songs on the silk screen
Buy my shirt it is a killed dream
It is known to lead the way to the stairwell
To God's administrative office and a final farewell

I'm just here to hold your hand when you die
And to give your assault rifle a banana clip
Glow in the dark when I stroll in the park
Givin everybody informative pamphlets!
No sign of life for as far as I can see
Everybody's just charred meat up in the car seat
Eat shit and die to the secret spy
'Cause I have a funny feeling that I'm being watched
24-hour surveillance
Money or power are ailments
But I send the medical supplies and the shipping
And the handling is way too much, 'cause I'm from the Afterlife

I'm just here to hold your hand when you die
It's like I put a cough drop right upon your soft spot
Make Martian clothes out of your garden hose
Turn into a deadly gas blowin' through the air duct
She's not in love but I thought that she was
She doesn't love me 'cause I don't have the right haircut
I misunderstood, I should fix under the hood
But I will not apologize for anything that I've said
My name is Mr. Busdriver, this is the producer Paris
We are not embarrassed to admit that we will perish in
A pit of our own imaginary PLACE!

Kids...if you want to piss off your parents
Show interest in the arts

Kids...if you REALLY want to piss off your parents
Buy real estate
In an Imaginary Place
Oh yes...

Okay, okay, alright!
Yeah. Now, move!

[D-Styles cuts and scratches]

I gotta do my shout outs now...
Peace to:

I'm just here to hold your hand when you die
Paris and Daddy Kev, they'll also be there too
Just here to hold your hand when you die
Of Mexican Descent and Mums The Word will help you
Just here to hold your hand when you die
Freestyle Fellowship and Abstract Rude will help you
I'm just here to hold your hand when you die
Chillin' Villain Empire and Hip Hop Kclan too

I'm just here to hold your hand to die...
I'm just here to hold your hand when you..
Just here to hold your hand...when you die...



[Verse]
Niggas old as hell, trying to get they rapping on
In the club looking like a fucking chaperone
I'm in the club, posted up, "Guess Who's Back" is on
If not that then the Just Blaze track is on
It's all Roc the world, we all got your girl
Caught your girl, never gave back your girl
Watch the rap unfurl, after Beanie Mack confirm
Kanye best producer-rapper in the world
Now I have beans, I'm going after MCs
Show 'em that this rap game made for me
Made for us, they bite and they plagiar-us
They spit the style for the niggas that made it up
That's like me buying soul beats for my album
Dog, I had to eat, I sold beats from my album
Now I got heat, I hold beats for my album
February 18th, reach for my album
Niggas forcing me to keep the heater
Black strap, white handle, I got Jungle Fever
Black Benz, white truck, and one 2-seater
I'm in the game getting change like a parking meter
And since Takeover
It feel like the whole hood try to get a Jimmy Jones makeover
I got the hood on my shoulder, city on my back
They like "Damn, I heard you charging 50 a track! I mean
You can at least give me a stack
You can't do all that hard work yourself and not give nothing back!"
You know how shit change when your name get to buzzing
This year alone I got two dozen new cousins
Niggas popping out the woodworks, talking about "you owe me"
Mama, I'm famous, niggas hate me that don't know me

[Outro]
Yo, I know you all suprised and shit when you see me on MTV
But keep your eyes glued to...I don't know what channel that is out here
In Chicago that's Channel 7, ABC
You might fuck around see me on Oprah Winfrey or something
Matter of fact, true story, true story
Last week...I got a little cold right now, true story, though
I'm on 40th and like 5th or something
I see an SUV and the window rolled down and shit!
And this black lady from Chicago, she like
"Yo, um, I just bought one of these in black."
You know I just got the G5 or whatever
She like, "I just got one of these in black
How does it drive?"
I'm like, "it drive more like a truck than my last one."
I'm like, "yo, but I'm from Chicago, too. I wanna be on your show!"
She said "yo, well, oh, ok, well, who are you?"
And I told her, "I'm Kanye West, a rapper."



[Chorus: Keyshia Cole & New Birth]
I've been waiting my life and I stayed on my grind
Now I made up my mind, it's been way too much time
That's why (It's just impossible)
It's impossible, and you know that

[Post-Chorus: Kanye West & New Birth]
I don't wanna hear that bullshit
I wanna hear that official shit
Kanye and that Twista shit
That's so impossible to get it (It's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it
Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)

[Verse 1: Twista & New Birth]
Ain't no way that you could pull up to the party
In a Bentley blowing B, gettin' club like this (Oh no)
Ain't no way that you could cook up in the studio
With Kanye and get it jukin' in the club like this
(Oh no, impossible) Ain't no way that you gon' win
Dust some haters off while I'm sippin' on my Henn
Holla at a chick while she sippin' on her gin
And I got the mobsters hollerin' at her friends
(It's impossible) For you to ever be the nicest
You won't get gangsta or get righteous
You ain't never stood on a tip like this
You ain't never stood for no shit like this
(It's just impossible) For you to get it if you don't wanna win
Get up off yo' ass and go for yours, I'm goin' for mine
Now you ain't from the ride what I'm in, know what I'm sayin'?

[Chorus: Keyshia Cole & New Birth]
I've been waiting my life and I stayed on my grind
Now I made up my mind, it's been way too much time
That's why (It's just impossible)
It's impossible, and you know that

[Post-Chorus: Kanye West & New Birth]
I don't wanna hear that bullshit
I wanna hear that official shit
Kanye and that Twista shit
That's so impossible to get it (It's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it
Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)

[Verse 2: Twista & New Birth]
It's impossible for you to ever get with me
Because of how I ride on the track
Got the bitch in the back of the Bentley [?]
Used to have the bitch in the back of the Cadillac
(It's just impossible) Niggas always hatin'
Even before I came out with [?]
You be sittin' back and be talkin' your shit
I can't help but I see you though, I don't get it
(It's impossible) Lil' mama, for you to fit all that ass in them jeans
Movin' kinda wilder, turnin' regular jeans into low riders
Tell me, can I be your man?
(It's just impossible) For you to ever deny that I'm about Chi-Town
Represent the city with the deal for twelve years
And sell a couple of mil' and still hold it down, that's impossible

[Chorus: Keyshia Cole & New Birth]
I've been waiting my life and I stayed on my grind
Now I made up my mind, it's been way too much time
That's why (It's just impossible)
It's impossible, and you know that

[Post-Chorus: Kanye West & New Birth]
I don't wanna hear that bullshit
I wanna hear that official shit
Kanye and that Twista shit
That's so impossible to get it (It's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it
Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)

[Verse 3: Kanye West & New Birth]
Get it, roll the weed up and lit it
Smoke a little but don't admit it
Do it like I did, too late, I did it (It's just impossible)
The controversy can't worse me, man
I'm eating but I'm still thirsty and
Thirsty, what is you sayin'?
I got a duel with a couple niggas, that's Thursday, man
Why the hell is I'm worryin'?
Hoppin' out the Benz with the perfect 10
"Man, your life must be perfect, man
Look at how they came up with the perfect plan"
(It's just impossible) It's impossible
Got strip clubs playin' gospitel, flow so sick in the hospital
You know I jammed out like 'Pac'll do
You know you throw your diamonds when I rock with you
Since Michael Jackson made "Rock With You"
I done did shit on Logical
Maybe 'cause we did the impossible
Baby, we done did the impossible

[Chorus: Keyshia Cole & New Birth]
I've been waiting my life and I stayed on my grind
Now I made up my mind, it's been way too much time
That's why (It's just impossible)
It's impossible, and you know that

[Post-Chorus: Kanye West & New Birth]
I don't wanna hear that bullshit
I wanna hear that official shit
Kanye and that Twista shit
That's so impossible to get it (It's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it
Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)
I don't wanna hear that bullshit
I wanna hear that official shit
Kanye and that Twista shit
That's so impossible to get it (It's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it
Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)

[Outro: New Birth]
It's impossible
It's just impossible
It's impossible



[Intro: Merlyn Wood]
You fired, you fired (For Joie!)
Shawty shot, shawty, shawty shot, shawty, shawty shot
Shawty shot, shawty, shawty shot, shawty, shawty shot
Shawty shot, shawty, shawty shot
Shawty shot me out the atmosphere, well this one year
I was flyin' high in the pimp plane atmosphere
Shy, shawty, shawty shy, shawty shy, shawty, shawty shy
Shawty, shawty shy, shawty shy, shawty, shawty shy
Shawty, shawty shot me out the sky, well this one year
I was flyin' high in the pimp plane atmosphere

[Chorus: Merlyn Wood & Kevin Abstract]
If she could, she could see my final form
I could see you Majin Buu-in' on my Dragon Balls
What you need a map and backpack just to find the one?
Dora, Dora, come home, you been searchin' too long

[Verse 1: Rodney Tenor]
Shit, high-waist jeans with a kid
Shorty always flexin' on the 'gram
Tight, tight jeans with a rack make me go on a rant
Shawty, but your attitude rank
Drunk at the club with your girls only here for the drinks
Untouchable data, unmeasurable playa'
God, the moderator, I ain't sayin', I'm hittin'
I'm was just wondering if I could call at your number
If I was ever in trouble, if I could take you home
I ain't a doper, you ain't a smoker
I'm hopin' to get to know you
I'm wonderin' if I could get you gone, girl
I was lookin' for ride-or-dies
And there you came through
With your false disguise, yeah, yeah
I ain't fuckin' around no more
Don't hear me, all she hear was sha-la-la-la

[Chorus: Merlyn Wood & Kevin Abstract]
If she could, she could see my final form
I could see you Majin Buu-in' on my Dragon Balls
What you need a map and backpack just to find the one?
Dora, Dora, come home, you been searchin' too long

[Verse 2: Merlyn Wood]
We all gonna die one day, man ain't that crazy? (that cray)
She said thats an odd way convince me to be your lady
That be why you bae, but you is not my baby
I met these three black girls: Ocian, Jurnee, and Mercedes
One's a queen, one's narcoleptic, and one is crazy
Pickin' one lover's just like pickin' one daisy
I need at least a dozen in my DMs on the daily
Why get your nose stuck in one when you can sniff the bouquet?

[Outro: Joba]
La, la, la, la, ooo-la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, ooo-la, la, la, la-ah
La, la, la, la, ooo-la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, ooo-la, la, la, la-ah
La, la, la, la, (baba-bum-bum) ooo-la, la, la, la (bad-a-bum-bum)
La, la, la, la, (baba-bum-bum) ooo-la, la, la, la (bad-a-bum-bum)
La, la, la, la, (ba-ba) ooo-la, la, la, la (ba-ba, ba-ba)



[Verse 1: Open Mike Eagle]
I've had the same phone number for a decade
And various phone models strapped next to my left leg
My first power-up was a flip phone
And I could feel the power moving up through my hip bone
Yeah, I got a lady and I dance with her
I'm happy to see her, but what she feels is my transmitter
My antenna span's killin'
I'm all full of data like a Spiderman villain
I'm part flesh and part energy
The last text I sent you was from the heart literally
Taking flights it gets really really deep
I put myself on airplane mode and go to sleep
Between my cell phone, router, computer and solar radiation
My body's full of information

[Hook: Open Mike Eagle]
YEEEEEAH (I HAVE THE POWERRRR)
My body's full of information!

[Verse 2: Open Mike Eagle]
And I don't need a lawyer
Every time I make a call I get a centimeter taller
Yeah, I'm in the skies like the white god
Motherfuck your Spotify, my mind is an iPod
Both of my feets is iPads really
And this hand here's an iPad Mini
And this other hand is an old Wired magazine
When I pass gas it sounds like a fax machine
I be thinking of secret shit then deleting it
My mind's on the internet, if I speak it I'm tweeting it
A lawsuit, some people want to start one
But I got super powers so I'm like no harm done
I'm a thousand feet tall, I don't need no litigation
My body's full of information

[Hook: Open Mike Eagle]
YEEEEEAH
My body's full of information!

[Verse 3: Kool A.D.]
What's a computer, man? I don't even know what that is
I don't even watch TV, what's Catfish?
Don't know much about science book, never read the atlas
My raps run laps around tracks like Pistorius
Wonder how he finna do the new Harlem Shake at the wake
Two-eighths figure skate on the lake
If I fake I'mma jake, if I lie I'mma die
I clean up and look fly in a tie
If you're lost, I'mma find you
Time after time I am the slime, dime after dime
Jukebox money dance, dumbbob funnypants
Run god, dunny got a gun in the underpants
Hit the red grass, do the thunder dance
Take a peek under that, run tell shunder that
Somebody run me down the basic premise of Thundercats
It seems somehow relevant to the conversation
Kid's so high, he didn't know how to play the Playstation
Live life on a day to day basis
It pays to stay amazingly vaporless
Gaze into the ways I stay yapered, ya bish, ya bish, ya bish



[Intro]
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?

[Verse]
The game's fucked up
Niggas’ beats is bangin', nigga, ya hooks did it
The lyric pennin' equal the Trumps winnin’
The bigger question is how the Russians did it
It was written like Nas, but it came from Quentin
At the mercy of a game where the codes is missin'
When the CEO's blinded by the glow it's different
Believe in myself and the Coles and Kendricks
Let the sock puppets play in their roles and gimmicks
Shit, remember Will Smith won the first Grammy?
And they ain't even recognize Hov until "Annie"
So I don't tap dance for the crackers and sing Mammy
'Cause I'm ’posed to juggle these flows and nose candy (yugh)
Ferrari, my 40th, blew the candles out
Tom Brady’d you niggas, I had to scramble out
They be ridin' these waves, I pulled my sandals out
Jefe Latin my Grammy, I went the Spanish route
Oh, now it’s okay to kill Baby
Niggas looked at me crazy like I really killed a baby
Salute Ross 'cause the message was pure
He see what I see when you see Wayne on tour
Flash without the fire
Another multi-platinum rapper trapped and can't retire
Niggas get exposed, I see the cracks and I'm the liar?
Shit, I’ve been exposed, I took the crack and built the wire
Now who do you admire?
Your rap songs is all tryin' my patience
Them prices ain't real without inflation
I done flew it, I done grew it, been a conduit
Moynat bags on my bitches, I done blew it
See through it, neck, igloo it
Habla en español, I "y tu" it
Let Steven talk streamin' and Shazam numbers
I'll ensure that you gettin' every gram from us
Let's cram numbers, easily
The only rapper sold more dope than me was Eazy-E
How could you ever right these wrongs
When you don't even write your songs?
But let us all play along
We all know what niggas for real been waitin' on
Push

[Outro]
I do, so, yeah
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
I'm gone, I'm gone, you hear me?
I'm gone



[Intro: Dr. TC]
Well, Tyler...
Uh, it's about that time
I mean you're a good kid, just misguided
Okay, so is there anything else you wanna say
Before we end this?

[Verse 1]
My father died the day I came out of my mother's hole
And left a burden on my soul, until I was old enough
To understand that the fuckin' faggot didn't like me much
He loved my moms enough to bust a nut and then he Shake Junt
Bring your pops to school day, for twelve years, I cheated
Told the fuckin' faculty that he was at a meetin' and
Bring that dude to life day, he wasn't at the meetin'
Made a U-turn on the way there like; "the fuck am I thinkin'"
Birthdays, Christmas, my only fuckin' wishlist
Was CDs (and a father) and a new fitted
Instead I got some CDs, inhaler, some Ritalin, some white socks
I was hyper, 'cause I didn't get attention from my real pops
Cops say I'm supposed to be in jail, but they don't know it's me
Statistics say that niggas with no father ain't gon' be shit (nigga)
Well I guess I had one because nigga I'm it
You smell that? (Yeah!) That's the odor of success, bitch

[Interlude]
I know I'm not the only bastard in America
So I'm gon' to need some help, on this next part
Scream it with me, niggas

[Hook]
Fuck you (I'm good)
Fuck you (I graduated)
Without you (I'm good)
Fuck you (I'm good)
Nigga, eighteen (I'm good)
Fuck you (I'm good)
Got a car, nigga (fuck you)
Eat a dick, nigga, bitch

[Verse 2]
Father's Day was the worst when it came to gifts
'Cause I ain't know for who or what the fuck to get
Now my momma mentioned the day before what she would like
'Cause she's playin' both roles, like her occupation was dyke, fuckin' right
I ain't look up to Obama and Nixon
I look up to the Hugos and Dixons
The niggas in the vision rap about the shit they cookin' in the kitchen
Pushin' keys, like them niggas that were bangin' on the keys
My father never seen me, the nigga probably Stevie
He bought me a hoodie, a couple albums
Like that's gon' make up for the years and the tears
And the money that my momma spent on rent and clothes
You fuckin' dipped out, I swear to God, if I see you
I'm a get out the M-16 and let a fuckin' clip out (RRRAAA!)
'Cause in 16 years, you let your kid doubt the existence, none
I don't give a fuck either, like father, like son, I'm done

[Bridge: Hodgy Beats]
He ain't give a fuck about me
He ain't give a fuck about you
He ain't give a fuck about we
So what the fuck we gon' do?

[Hook]
Fuck you (I'm good)
Fuck you (I graduated)
Without you (I'm good)
Fuck you (I'm good)
Nigga, eighteen (I'm good)
Fuck you (I'm good)
Got a car, nigga (fuck you)
Eat a dick, nigga, bitch

[Verse 3]
The cold is nice, and I'm not talkin' 'bout the weather
The skin is thick, no need for leather, your father called
He said you're better without him, I'm not the only fuck
Without them, how to tie a tie and how to get your suit hemmed up
Take it to the shop, then what?
Fuck it, momma's proud of her asthmatic, thin fuck
Luck on my brim, Supreme keeps me warm
When the cold blood swarms in my veins, fuck rain in the summer
The bummer is the fact that I'm black
And I hang with white Neos whose marrow stays frio
Now this counselor is tryna tell me that I'm emo
She don't give a fuck
D-low where's the trigger? I'll let this bullet play hero

[Outro: Tyler]
Nah, fuck this
I don't deserve this shit
I'm over it
BANG!



[Intro: Drake]
Trap, TrapMoneyBenny
This shit got me in my feelings
Gotta be real with it, yuh

[Chorus 1: Drake]
Kiki, do you love me? Are you riding?
Say you'll never ever leave from beside me
'Cause I want ya, and I need ya
And I'm down for you always
KB, do you love me? Are you riding?
Say you'll never ever leave from beside me
'Cause I want ya, and I need ya
And I'm down for you always

[Verse: Drake]
Look, the new me is really still the real me
I swear you gotta feel me before they try and kill me
They gotta make some choices, they runnin' out of options
'Cause I've been goin' off and they don't know when it's stoppin'
And when you get to toppin', I see that you've been learnin'
And when I take you shoppin', you spend it like you earned it
And when you popped off on your ex he deserved it
I thought you were the one from the jump that confirmed it
TrapMoneyBenny
I buy you Champagne but you love some Henny
From the block like you Jenny
I know you special, girl, 'cause I know too many

[Chorus 2: Drake]
'Resha, do you love me? Are you riding?
Say you'll never ever leave from beside me
'Cause I want ya, and I need ya
And I'm down for you always
J.T., do you love me? Are you riding?
Say you'll never ever leave from beside me
'Cause I want ya, and I need ya
And I'm down for you always

[Segue: City Girls, Drake & Magnolia Shorty]
Two bad bitches and we kissin' in the Wraith
Kissin'-kissin' in the Wraith, kiss-kissin' in the Wraith
I need that black card and the code to the safe
Code to the safe, code-code to the safe-safe
I show him how that neck work
Fuck that Netflix and chill—what's your net-net-net worth?
'Cause I want ya, and I need ya
And I'm down for you always
Yea, yea, yea, yea he bad
And I'm down for you always
Yea, yea, yea, guess who's back
And I'm down for you always
D-down for you al–
Black biggy biggy black biggy black blake
D-d-down for you always
I got a new boy, and that nigga trade!

[Chorus 1: Drake]
Kiki, do you love me? Are you riding?
Say you'll never ever leave from beside me
'Cause I want you, and I need you
And I'm down for you always
KB, do you love me? Are you riding?
Say you'll never ever leave from beside me
'Cause I want ya, and I–

[Breakdown: Lil Wayne & Magnolia Shorty]
Skate and Smoke and Rap
Now let me see you
Bring that ass, bring that ass, bring that ass back!
B-bring that ass, bring that ass, bring that ass back!
Shawty say the nigga that she with can't hit
But shawty, I'ma hit it, hit it like I can't miss
Now let me see you
Clap that ass, you're the only one I love
Clap that ass, clap-clap that ass!
Bring that ass back!
Clap-clap-clap that ass, you're the only one I love
Let's go, let's go, let's go!
Bring that ass back!

[Outro: Drake]
Trap, TrapMoneyBenny
This shit got me in my feelings
I just gotta be real with it, yup
BlaqNmilD, you a genius, you diggin' me?

[Skit: Zazie Beetz]
I don't even care, I need a photo with Drake
Because my Instagram is weak as fuck
I'm just being real, my shit look–



I was 15 attending summer school at Hawthorne High, spending most of my nights trying to find any snippets of the album on various German sites. Then 7/25/06 came. IMM ranges in different styles and sounds and I believe that's why I gravitated to it so much. The upright bassline on “Can I Have It Like That” or the buckets on “How Does It Feel”. Off the wall MJ on “Number 1″. I still to this day don't think I can make a song better than “That Girl”. And “I Really Like You Girl” is easily the best song on this album with your best Timberlake impersonation and Stevie harmonica. IMM also includes “Raspy Shit” which is the worst song in your discography I hate that song so much you are so gross for that. But the one that stood out was “You Can Do It Too”. The sade bassline, the string pad with chords that you claim only Q-Tip, you and I like, the Jamie Cullum outro!

Being 15 black not really “interested” in what the majority of my peers were into, it made me feel safe. I was optimistic, always daydreaming and setting goals so I felt you were directly speaking to me. I remember clancy telling me how Jimmy Iovine thought this album was a “complete fucking failure it didnt work”. But see, it did, just not on the kids he was looking at. The ones who just existed; used the popular slang; listened to what was thrown at them; dressed in clothing that was trending at the time. Not saying that's bad but of course this wouldn't work on them. But it worked on me and I created Odd Future that same summer. I was actually naive enough to believe you and thought I could do all these amazing things if I really tried.

Where I grew up, niggas get stuck and never make it out. Jail, dead, shit jobs, not really growing. It seems like at a certain age, ideas; original thoughts are no longer a thing; I didnt fall into that cycle. I’m now a young entrepreneur all because I believed you when you said I could be. You were the first person I contacted when I pulled off that McLaren dealership!

This is getting long so uhhh, hbd IMM. I never had brothers, uncles or my father around so thank you for being the male figure I gravitated to. Allowing me to embrace being different and trusting my ideas.



[Intro]
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
What's better than tripping is falling in love
What's better than Letterman, Leno, Fallon, and all the above
What's better than popping bottles trying to ball in the club
Is the first caveman pops with his son, ball and a club
What's better than paper is ballin' it up
What's better than followers is actually fallin' in love
What's better than frolicking, follies, fallin' in mud
Rolling in green pastures, wanderin', followin' love
What's better than eating is feeding your fam
What's better than meetings is missing meetings to meet with your fam
What's better than leaning and needing a Xan
Is hitting your zan dreaming a dream could mean leaving the land
What's better than yelling is hollerin' love
What's better than rhymes, nickels, dimes and dollars and dubs
Is dialing up your darling just for callin' her up
It ain't nothing better than fallin' in love
IGH!

[Hook]
I've seen it come back, back, back and forth
You hit the nail right on top of the head
I know you've seen it all before
But when it looks you in the eyes, it ain't nothin' you could say but "that's love"
That's love
That's love
That's love
Say that's love, ooh ooh
That's lo-o-ove
That's love
That's love, that's love, that's love
I LOVE you! (Love you)
I LOVE you! (Lo-o-ove!)
I LOVE you! (Love you)
I LOVE you! (Lo-o-ove!)
I LOVE you! (Love you)
I LOVE you! (Lo-o-ove!)
I LOVE you! (Love you)
I LOVE you! (Lo-o-ove!)
I LOVE you!
That's love
That's loooo-o-o-ove, that's love
Say that's love, ooh, ooh, that's love
That's love, that's love, that's love, that's love



This is my problem with interviews, you know. What if you did music and someone else could come in and change your words around and then release it to the radio? And you don't even get a chance to listen to it before they dropped it to radio. That's how interviews are. You, you say what you say and then you'll get paraphrased and then they'll do shit like, if you say a joke, most jokes are inappropriate. They's, they're like fucked up things that you say but it's kind of funny the way you word 'em. And if you take away, you know, the setup or the punchline, you just sound absolutely crazy. Which is, they love to do that because I love to joke and I give them too much and then my shit don't be like all dry ass interviews and stuff, like I don't have media training or whatever. And then, so they take that, and I, and I told Gabe, I said look, well I wanna, I wanna do uh, I wanna get approval over the shit, just because I wanted to be as entertaining as possible, I want people to have the information. And you know, like a lot of magazines, they got real uptight, they like, "no you 'on't get approval, you 'on't get approval, you don't get approval." So, you know, when I say the line 'bout The Rolling Stone, I don't have a problem with Rolling Stone. I really appreciate the fact that they did put me on the magazine and I realize that you know I was halfway out of my mind for the past two years and shit. I was, you know, off that drug called fame and shit like that, I was really like, I was like a little crazy, you know what I'm sayin', like I've calmed down and shit and like come back to Earth. So, you know, for the editor of Rolling Stone, I wanted to say that. But I do wanna say that it was pieces of the article that was, information in the article that was incorrect. And you know, if you allowed me to proofread it, the people could've had the proper information. And just to speak to the Dave LaChapelle, 'cause Dave LaChapelle's one of my favorite photographers, modern-day Warhol. I wanna speak to the cover. You know, people say, "Okay well he has a god complex." Fam if someone's in college and they do like a play where they emulate Christ, do they have a god complex? Are they allowed to do that? You know, it's because of my position, it's like I'm not allowed to be creative. So every cover I take has to just be a picture of my face and shit, just... look it's my face! It's me! And sometimes it's like after you see—after I see me so much, I get tired of me and shit... I gotta look at me every day! I wanna do shit that's exciting to me. So the Rolling Stone's cover was exciting to me, that shit went down in history. I did it purely for creative reasons, it was't speaking upon you know, anything disrespectful to Christianity, to anything like that. It was something I did purely creative. Lot of times I do shit and people take more out of it. You know like I said Bush doesn't care about Black people and then people took it and said, "Well you said, "Bush hates Black people."" You know, everybody takes it and makes it what they want it to be. When you know, I just say, I express something. You know, the other day somebody came to me like, "Okay well who you voting on? Barack or Hillary?" And I'm like I'm not really political dawg, I'm not getting into like you know I'm taking sides and this type of thing. He's like, "What do you mean you're not political? You're not..." I was like, fam! I'm emotional! I'm social! I'm like... I'm an artist! Like if you give me the opportunity, I'm like the fan that got too close to the stage and shit. I'm the glitch in the matrix, I'm like the last person to say, yo I really feel... I know I'm supposed to feel like this and know I'm supposed to read this teleprompter or whatever, but I feel like this what I wanna say. That doesn't put me... I'm never going politically incorrect or anything. I don't know about politics like that. I just know about people. I make music for people



[Produced By Kanye West]

[Intro:]
Ain't nobody lookin' like you do
Ain't nobody lookin' like you do
Ain't nobody lookin' like you do
Ain't nobody lookin' like you do



[John Legend]
Oh oh oh oh, I'm good, so good
Even better than I was the last time, baby
Oh oh oh oh, I'm good, so good, so good
Even better than I was the last time, baby
Oh oh oh oh, I'm good, so good, so good
Even better than I was the last time, baby
Oh oh oh oh, I'm good, so good, so good

[Kanye West]
It's your boy, Kanye to the
And we back
Feeling better than ever, huh?
Yo John, can't complain, huh?
Shit nigga, you got a deal on Def Jam
Got Cons' with me, we in the works
Got my best friend GLC, the Knockout King
Through the doctor's exact calculations
He said, "Nigga, you almost bust the Final Destination
Shit, you must have had a blessing from Pastor Mason"
'Cause that trip to L.A. could have been my last vacation, what?
I mean, there's people at war right now
We can't be sitting up here, complaining about the bills
Complaining about whatever beef we may have
We good, man, we blessed



[Intro]
You who are rich and whose troubles are few
May come around to see my point of view
What price the crown of a king on his throne
When you’re chained in the dark all alone?

[Verse 1: Jadakiss]
I’m real as they come, I follow the rules
I’m still in the hood but I probably should move
Made enough money, I don’t fuck around
I just felt they needed me so I stuck around
Feds got my man, shit is real son
Cause my godson just became my real son
Think life is a game but all you get is a turn
You live and you learn, either you freeze or you burn
Kush in the air, I’m pushing the gears
Love turned into hate, hate turned into fear
If it ain't right, I don’t sign the deal
Shoot me in the watch, I got time to kill
Gasoline, propane
Ain't no salary cap in the dope game
Ain't no collective bargaining on cocaine
So in other words nigga, do your thing

[Verse 2: Drake]
Mind in one place heart in another
Please pardon my brother, he’s just angry at you niggas
Who dont have your heart in your rap shit and got too fuckin comfy
Cause we still fuckin hungry, Young Money, got the munchies
Faded, fuckin faded, aww yeah I'm fuckin faded
They tellin’ lies about me, aww yeah I must've made it
Rikers Island on this flow, 8 months for that pistol
But at least they had some bad bitches workin’ in that shit hole
Three visits later, I went and did it major
So fuck the judge, and the jury, and the litigator
Watchin all these kids who thought they had it figured out
And then November came, they let my nigga out

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Stop playin, I ain't with that bullshit
Niggas act like bitches, shanaynay, oh my goodness
This is Wayne’s world, and y’all are just some tourists
Give me three wishes, I wish, I wish, I wish, you would bitch
Brand new pussy, pussy good as baby powder
Two Glock 40′s, nigga you got 80 problems
Swimmin’ in the money, I'mma need some fuckin goggles
It's better to give, but we don't give a fuck about 'em
I just came home, shit done got real, ho
Lil Weezy-ana, the boot nigga, steel toe
I ain't workin with a full deck but I deal ho
I just touched down, kick the motherfucking field goal
Talkin ’bout baby money? I got your baby money
Kidnap your bitch, get that "how-much-you-love-your-lady" money
I know you fake nigga, press your brakes nigga
I’ll take you out, that’s a date nigga
I'm a grown ass blood, stop playin with me
Play asshole and get an ass whippin’
I think you pussy cat, ha, hello kitty
I just throw the alley-oop to Drake Griffin
I lay 'em down, tempur-pedic
This shits a game of chess, you niggas think it's cleavage
Its Young Money, yeah, tis the season
I give you the business, bitch this a business meeting
My niggas hungry, my bitches greedy
Will I die a bloody murder? Dear Mr. Ouija
Nigga, I'm straight, my girl a faggot
Potato on the barrel, pop pop potato salad



[Verse 1: Childish Gambino & Problem]
Watching haters wonder why Gambino got the game locked
Half-Thai thickie, all she wanna do is Bangkok
Got her hair done, French braids, now she A$AP
Bino so insensitive, she asking "Why you say that?!"
I'm chilling, real nigga feeling
Rich kid, asshole; paint me as a villain
Still spitting that cash flow – DJ Khaled
I got a penthouse on both coasts – pH balance
Real nigga, I rep those, why though? 'cause I said so
Hip deep in that Pepto, I got five on her like Ben Folds
I got more tail than that PetCo, you faker than some Sweet'N Low
Yeah, you got some silverware but really are you eating though?
Are you eating though? Nigga, are you eating though?
Breakfast, lunch, and dinner's for beginners, you ain't even know
Never catching cases, why they faces look so E-M-O?
Watch a hater hate me, wanna play me like a piano
My architect know Japanese, your girl, she jocking these
No hands like soccer teams and y'all fuck boys like Socrates
You niggas ain't copping these, niggas ain't looking like me
Nah, I ain't checking I.D. but I bounce 'em with no problem
Tell 'em, Problem (Problem!)

[Bridge: Childish Gambino & Problem]
I'm winnin', yeah, yeah, I'm winnin' (what?)
I'm winnin', yeah, yeah, I'm winnin' (what?)
I'm winnin', yeah, yeah, I'm winnin' (what?)
Rich kid, asshole, paint me as a villain

[Hook: Problem]
Whaaat?!
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do? (whaaat?!)

[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
Different color, my passport; Instagram my stack load
Hashtag my day wear, and your girl drank my day care
And I'm born rich, life ain't fair – It's silver spoon coon, ho
Ain't nobody sicker in my Fisker, "vroom-vroom," ho
Ain't nobody—
(Fiskers don't make noise when they start up, just so you know)
Top of the holy totem
R-r-r-rich forever, a million was not the quota
My father owned half the MoMA and did it with no diploma
Year off, got no rules, tripping off of them toadstools
More green than my Whole Foods and I'm too fly, Jeff Goldblum
Got a glass house in the Palisades, that AKA
White hood, white hood; O-KKK
Furniture custom, you shop at IKEA
Show Maserati, you whipping a Kia
Spending this money, it's longer than Nia
Live like a Coppola, me and Sofia
Waking up broke, man, wouldn't wanna be ya
Friends with the dopeman, help a nigga re-up
Bring a girlfriend, man, trouble when I see her
"Err-eh-err-eh", onomatopoeia
Oh, I got my cool on! (tailor-made!)
I'm winning so they had to dump the Gatorade
And I don't give a fuck about my family name!

[Hook: Problem]
Whaaat?
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do? (whaaat?!)



[Produced by Kanye West]

[Hook]
Find your dreams come true
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams

[Verse 1]
I've been waiting on this my whole life
These dreams be waking me up at night
You say I think I'm never wrong
You know what, maybe you're right
A'ight?

[Hook]
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams

[Verse 2]
You say he get on your fucking nerves
You hope that he get what he deserves, word
Do you even remember what the issue is?
You just trying to find where the tissue is
You can still be who you wish you is
It ain't happen yet
And that's what intuition is
When you hop back in the car
Drive back to the crib
Run back to their arms
The smokescreens
The chokes and the screams
You ever wonder what it all really means?

[Hook]
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams

[Verse 3]
And I'm back on my grind
A psychic read my lifeline
Told me in my lifetime
My name would help light up the Chicago skyline
And that's why I'm
Seven o'clock, that's primetime
Heaven'll watch, God calling from the hotlines
Why he keep giving me hot lines?
I'm a star, how could I not shine?
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a spouse?
Something in your blouse got me feeling so aroused
What you about?
On that independent shit
Trade it all for a husband and some kids
You ever wonder what it all really mean?
You wonder if you’ll ever find your dreams?



[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do I trust 'em? Probably not
I think that y'all prolly fraud, I think that my brain is fried
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do not turn my volume down
Do not bring your friends around, only few I'm holding down
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do I trust 'em? Probably not
I think that y'all prolly fraud, I think that my brain is fried
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do not turn my volume down
Do not bring your friends around, only few I'm holding down

[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
Hi, I live a wonderful life
Should've died twice, wonder who on my side
Life always better keepin' two on the side
Need no music when my niggas arrive
We be in Van Nuys, black van with some white guys
Keep your hand out, waiting for the appropriate time
To ask a question like
"Could you perform at my best friend's birthday party?
With your friends and go crazy, just bring the shotty
Bring the loud one with the blonde hair."
Making out with Zayn in a lawn chair
They kicked me out but I belong here
Hear these songs nigga, see this long hair, see these videos
Direct these hoes with no budgets though
How the fuck did I land a fucking TV show?
Met all my friends through Kanye West and I ain't met him yet

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do I trust 'em? Probably not
I think that y'all prolly fraud, I think that my brain is fried
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do not turn my volume down
Do not bring your friends around, only few I'm holding down

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
Just shaved down to the baby face
Clothes on me, guess it's Holiday
Fried, no sides at the restaurant
My sleep schedule like the power here, it's never on
Feeling like the past year a whole escapade (uh-oh)
Four cars, need a motherfucking Escalade
Pack it up like a clown car (honk, honk)
Bet you know my name from here to Hong Kong, bet I get along
Make some commas, karma, watch 'em sing along
Ayy, err, err, butter knife like dancing on a knuckle
In the thunder car, rocked up in the Lumma
Incidental, I be better by the summer
I be better by the winter, I be hoppin' in the rental
Maybe Tesla for all my missus sitting in the Volvo
Damn, shoot 'em down like, hmmm, sorry, do it all here

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do I trust 'em? Probably not
I think that y'all prolly fraud, I think that my brain is fried
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do not turn my volume down
Do not bring your friends around, only few I'm holding down
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do I trust 'em? Probably not
I think that y'all prolly fraud, I think that my brain is fried
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do not turn my volume down
Do not bring your friends around, only few I'm holding down

[Verse 3: Ameer Vann]
I'm moonwalking on the sun hot
I used to live where the guns popped
Made some records then we moved out
Turned rap into the new pop
Bandana, I'm the new Pac
I been blowing up, I can't stop
They need my niggas in the White House
I do business with the white folks
Bring that money back to black folks
Flip it, stimulate the cash flow
Economic, but I speak ebonics
L.A. turned me to an asshole
I been shopping down on Melrose
Still a nigga but I'm livin' different
I been looking at the bigger picture
So I don't hear 'em when they talking to me

[Verse 4: Dom McLennon]
I just want a friend to fall in love with
Maybe someone I can binge drugs with
Living like a prince but I'm dove-less
Playin' my emotions, you a dumb bitch
Everybody talking on some gun shit
They don't even know where to bust it
Cry nigga, gotta fuckin' kick back
Gotta leave those soft niggas at the kickback
Splittin' all my problems like a Kit-Kat
I finessed the night that we slipped up
I could let you know where I'm next at
Tell my baby girl where the brakes at
You know I got number one pick stats
Catch me on the field, it's a mismatch
More like an eclipse, she couldn't miss that
Putting my appearance where my chips at

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do I trust 'em? Probably not
I think that y'all prolly fraud, I think that my brain is fried
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do not turn my volume down
Do not bring your friends around, only few I'm holding down
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do I trust 'em? Probably not
I think that y'all prolly fraud, I think that my brain is fried
La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do not turn my volume down
Do not bring your friends around, only few I'm holding down

[Outro: Joba]
La-di-da-di-da-di-da
(La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do-walla, do-walla-walla, do-walla)
La-di-da-di-da-di-da
(La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do-walla, do-walla-walla, do-walla)
La-di-da-di-da-di-da
(La-di-da-di-da-di-da, do-walla, do-walla-walla, do-walla)



[Verse: Kevin Abstract]
I felt awesome when you walked in
You caught me doin' something
That I should've never been caught with
I played the forest, my far trip
I tripped and I fell, still think I'm living in Austin
Remember when I was trippin' off some wack shit
When I thought the automatic had an answer?
When I was jammin' out Beyonce like Sampha
And you broke up with me 'cause I'm a Cancer?
Our relationship was toxic, cancer
I fell in love with a dancer in Atlanta
I'm lying, I ain't a Drake-ass nigga
I'm more like Troye Sivan
With a whole lotta melanin
Sendin' bombs to your lawn
Grew up on Rockafella, so I'ma get a chain
And sing every song in the vain of your name
And this'll...

[Outro: Bearface]
Be there when they call me up
Save me wishin' for you, I'm missing you too
Miss the way we talk, miss the way we stop
Miss the way we talk, ooh
Be there when they call me up
Save me wishin' for you, I'm missing you too
Miss the way we talk, miss the way we stop
Miss the way we talk, ooh



[Intro]
We at war
We at war with terrorism, racism
But most of all we at war with ourselves

[Chorus]
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)

[Verse 1]
You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless
Where restless (niggas) might snatch your necklace
And next these (niggas) might jack your Lexus
Somebody tell these (niggas) who Kanye West is
I walk through the valley of the Chi where death is
Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless *gasps*
Try to catch it *gasps* it's kinda hard
Getting choked by detectives, yeah, yeah, now check the method
They be askin' us questions, harass and arrest us
Sayin' "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?
We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis
My mama used to say only Jesus can save us
Well mama I know I act a fool
But I'll be gone 'til November, I got packs to move
I hope

[Chorus]
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid cause we ain't spoke in so long
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid cause we ain't spoke in so long
So long, so long
(Jesus walk with me)

[Verse 2]
To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers, even the scrippers
(Jesus walks for them)
To the victims of welfare feel we livin' in Hell here, hell yeah
(Jesus walks for them)
Now, hear ye, hear ye, want to see Thee more clearly
I know he hear me when my feet get weary
Cause we're the almost nearly extinct
We rappers is role models: we rap, we don't think
I ain't here to argue about his facial features
Or here to convert atheists into believers
I'm just tryna say the way school need teachers
The way Kathie Lee needed Regis, that's the way I need Jesus
So here go my single, dawg, radio needs this
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus
That means guns, sex, lies, videotape
But if I talk about God my record won't get played, huh?
Well if this take away from my spins
Which'll probably take away from my ends
Then I hope this take away from my sins
And bring the day that I'm dreamin' about
Next time I'm in the club, everybody screamin' out

[Chorus]
(Jesus walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now

[Produced by Kanye West]



[Produced by Nate Fox]

[Intro]
Thirsty, thirsty, tryna choose
I mean, I know I'm pretty cool
My Nitty bag, my kitty boost
I got the juice, I got the juice

[Verse 1]
Chano, Chatham's own
Foolies glad I'm home
Even my haters kinda glad I'm on
Rest In Peace to my Vagabond
Rapper song, singer, suspended, subpoena
For misdemeanors, dreamer
Held back ass is lowkey still a senior
And I still shake up BO Squad, praying for my BroBois
City on the come up, shout that nigga Sosa!
Shout my nigga Fat Trel, shout my nigga Joseph
Playing Buenos Aires while they sleepin': buenas noches!
Wonder if I wrote this, 'cause it's so crisp
The most brokest cold stock broker, winter solstice
I could win an Oscar, Russian accent husky
Acid addict, costly avid actor, Kevin Costner

[Hook]
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)

[Verse 2]
God give me one sentence more
Maybe I just gotta get suspended more?
Hashtag it, get mentions for it
Make you love it, get it trending more
And then act humble
Hear some bull that some dude mumble
Wantin' to jump dude, but let that nigga punk you
Knowin' bitch niggas wanna bring guns to the rumbles, IGH!
But I love y'all souls, don't let the juice spill Pac!
Blue pill pop 'til you feel good enough to pop
The popped bitch in the blue heels, yop!
That one, drown in the juice nigga
Hunnid proof get found in a youth nigga
Stop with all the tryna' introduce nigga
Everybody know you dude, you the new nigga!
How's it feel to be you? Yo no sé
I ain't really been myself since Rod passed
I ain't even really need that shop class
I ain't really been weak since pop's smashed
I'm a genius, a mothafuckin pop smash
Hit sensei, master
Jack and Lindsey, Wiley, Kembe
Been paid, 10 Day been they FAFSA

[Hook]
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)

[Verse 3]
Jugo, you never tasted paper
Tripped, racing yaself tryna' chase the paper
I just faced a Veg-er
And you love being Kobe when you make the lay-er
'Til you realize everybody in the world fuckin' hates the Lakers
And then everybody wanna sip
'Til the juice spill everybody wanna bib
And then everybody wanna dip
Told you I ain't worried, I ain't scared of the booth
All you can do is spit a verse of the truth
Merge the mixture with the purest and the fruits
And the thirst, just the worst, it's the curse of the juice!

[Hook]
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)
Juice! Juice! Juice! Juice!
I got the juice, I got the juice (Yup!)

[Bridge]
Thirsty, thirsty, tryna choose
I mean, I know I'm pretty cool
My Nitty bag, my kitty boost
I got the juice, I got the juice

[Outro]
(Juice, juice, juice, juice) Yup!
(Juice, juice, juice, juice) Yup!
Yup! Yup!
Yup!



[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G.]
('Fuck all you hoes!' Get a grip, motherfucker!)
Yeah, this album is dedicated
To all the teachers that told me I'd never amount to nothin'
To all the people that lived above the buildings that I was hustlin' in front of
Called the police on me when I was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughter (it's all good)
And all the niggas in the struggle
You know what I'm sayin'? It's all good, baby baby

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up! magazine
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hangin' pictures on my wall
Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Smokin' weed in Bambu, sippin' on Private Stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Remember Rappin' Duke? Duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucie B, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starski
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number, same hood, it's all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Hook: Total]
You know very well
Who you are
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars
You had a goal
But not that many
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I made the change from a common thief
To up close and personal with Robin Leach and I'm far from cheap
I smoke skunk with my peeps all day
Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way
The Moët and Alizé keep me pissy, girls used to diss me
Now they write letters 'cause they miss me
I never thought it could happen, this rapping stuff
I was too used to packing gats and stuff
Now honeys play me close like butter play toast
From the Mississippi down to the East Coast
Condos in Queens, indo for weeks
Sold out seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak
Living life without fear
Puttin' five karats in my baby girl ear
Lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool
Considered a fool 'cause I dropped out of high school
Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood
And it's still all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Hook: Total]
You know very well
Who you are
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars
You had a goal
But not that many
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis
When I was dead broke, man, I couldn't picture this
50-inch screen, money-green leather sofa
Got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur
Phone bill about two G's flat
No need to worry, my accountant handles that
And my whole crew is loungin'
Celebrating every day, no more public housin'
Thinkin' back on my one-room shack
Now my mom pimps an Ac' with minks on her back
And she loves to show me off of course
Smiles every time my face is up in The Source
We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
No heat, wonder why Christmas missed us
Birthdays was the worst days
Now we sip Champagne when we thirsty
Uh, damn right I like the life I live
'Cause I went from negative to positive
And it's all… (It's all good, nigga)
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Hook: Total & The Notorious B.I.G.]
You know very well
Who you are
Don't let 'em hold you down
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga
Reach for the stars
You had a goal
But not that many
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Ad-Libs: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Representin' B-Town in the house
Junior Mafia, mad flavor
Uh, uh, yeah, a'ight

[Hook: Total]
You know very well
Who you are
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars
You had a goal
But not that many
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty

[Outro: Puff Daddy & Total]
Biggie Smalls, it's all good, nigga
Junior Mafia, it's all good, nigga
Bad Boy, it's all good, nigga
It's all good
That's right, '94
And on and on, and on and on
You know very well
It's all good
Who you are
Yeah…
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars

[Produced by Pete Rock and Poke of Trackmasters]



[Chorus: Gabriel Garzón Montano]
Rock me real slowly
Put a bib on me
I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you
The things you do

[Verse 1: Drake]
These days, I'm lettin' God handle all things above me
The things I can't change are the reason you love me
Listen, you can hear them callin' my name
I'm all over the place, I can't sit in one place
I'm not ashamed at all
Still findin' myself, let alone a soulmate, I'm just sayin'
Feel like we one and the same, our relationship changed
That or it never existed
Whenever they say somethin' bout us you listen
But fuck what they talkin' about on your timeline
That's cuttin' all into my time with you
Fuck what they talkin' about on your timeline
That's cuttin' all into my time with you
My time with you, my

[Chorus: Gabriel Garzón Montano]
Rock me real slowly
Put a bib on me
I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you
The things you do

[Verse 2: Drake]
She said you're my everything
I love you through everything, I done did everything to her
She forgave me for everything, this a forever thing
Hate that I treat it like it's a whatever thing
Trust me girl, this shit is everything to me
She from the jungle, she from the jungle
I take somebody else's car, drive there undercover
This shit is everything to me, this shit is everything
Don't know where we stand, I used to hit you 'bout everything
Are we still good? Are we still good?
Are we still good? Are we still good?
If I need to talk, are you around?
Are you down for the cause?
Are you down? Are you down? Are you down?
Are you down for the cause?
Are you down? Are you down? Are you down?
Are you down for the cause?
You still down? You still down? You still down?

[Chorus: Gabriel Garzón Montano]
Rock me real slowly
Put a bib on me
I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you
The things you do

[Verse 3: Drake]
Yeah, these days these new girls, they got me nervous
They go to school and do bottle service
They can't decide, they keep switchin' majors
Being indecisive makes me anxious
Call your number and it's out of service
Who can I call for your information?
What am I supposed to do
After we done everything that we've done?
Who is your replacement?
Are we still good? Are we still good?
Are we still good? Are we still good?

[Outro: Gabriel Garzón Montano]
Rock me real slowly
Rock me real slowly
I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you
Rock me real slowly
Rock, put a bib on me



[Intro: Joba]
I'm a bad boy, bad habits
If I want it, I got to have it
Plus I'm paranoid, can't stand it
I've been damaged, but I didn't grab it
I'm a bad boy, bad habits
If I want it, I got to have it
Plus I'm paranoid, can't stand it
I've been damaged, but I didn't grab it

[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
I spit my heart out, lookin' out for my best interests
He gave me good head, peepin' out while the windows tinted
I speak in tongues and I arrive without a damn mention
It's kinda sick and I was born in 1996 and
1999 the only year that I remember
I slip through the cracks without havin' a damn temper
I bleach my hair because these bitches all about they bitchin'
I say shit when I rap and y'all niggas barely listen
I do the most for the culture, nigga, by just existing
Delete my tweets 'cause I'm ashamed of being a fuckin' Simpson
I told my mom I was gay, why the fuck she ain't listen?
I signed a pub deal and her opinion fuckin' disappearin'
I'm payin' bills for my sister and tryna fund her business
Is it homophobic to only hook up with straight niggas?
You know like closet niggas, masc-type
Why don't you take your mask off?
That's the thought I had last night
"Why you always rap about bein' gay?" (bitch)
'Cause not enough niggas rap and be gay (bitch)
Where I come from, niggas get called "faggot" and killed
So I'ma get head from a nigga right here
And they can come and cut my hand off and, and my legs off and
And I'ma still be a boss 'til my head gone, yeah

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
I don't trust nobody 'cause they don't deserve it
Niggas run in your house, they know you doin' dirty
I got my hand on an ounce, so now I got money servin'
I just bought me a fifth and now I'm speedin', swervin'
I took an eighth of them shrooms, now I've been hearin' voices
I took like two of them pills, I can't remember nothing
I ain't under control, I'm losin' motor function
I need an intervention, I need an exorcism
I need a therapist, paranoia and drug addiction
It's very scary, my momma don't even recognize me
I'm goin' crazy, don't need nobody to say they love me
My acts of desperation, I'm on an empty stomach
So fuck the consequences, I ain't runnin' from them

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
I don't think the monsters ever left my bedroom
I been hiding in the closet, outta legroom
I don't know if that little somethin' ever helped you
All I know is I can't trust what's in my head too
I been running from the words I never said to ya
I been duckin' all the judgement, let me say it through ya
I was fighting till they said I can't defend you
All I know is I'm the one you should've stepped to
Uh, no hands with the stunts
Jump off the roof like I do what I want
All of my life in my past wanna haunt
And my sight of the future beginning to taunt my ambition
Man on the moon, I'm marooned, I ain't trippin'
I'm on a mission, every time that I speak they ain't skippin'
Turned my inspiration to a vision, that's a given, no slippin'

[Verse 4: Matt Champion]
My mom's no alcoholic, she just wanna drown her sorrows
Love her to death and soon enough I'll give back all I borrowed
I took some steps to be a bigger person
I should've thrown ya off the highway to cars swerving
Ain't no burden, ain't no sermon, ain't no motherfuckin' plaque
I hate these hospitals and police and the smell of death, all that
I hate these shady folk that want a ladylike
But don't treat lady right, but they be sayin' like
And, yeah, you mad 'cause she ain't fuck, mad 'cause she ain't suck
Beat your ass before you got time to say "why not?"
Here to catch ya slip up, wish you could just rewind
Time to not fuck up, thought you were just lucked up
Where the respect? Is your ass human?
I look you in your eyes, say "fuck you, are you fuckin' stupid?"
Respect my mother, 'spect my sister, 'spect these women, boy
I get my 9-9, I don't own one, hit the store to blow your brains off
Better hope my aim off, better hope the range off
Better hope my tame off before I blow your brains off, boy

[Outro: Joba]
Bad people knockin' on my door, they don't see me
Been screaming at the wall, nobody hear me
There's two parts of me, one disagrees with the other
I switch sides like I'm undercover
Bad people knockin' on my door, they don't see me
Been screaming at the wall, nobody hear me
There's two parts of me, one disagrees with the other
I switch sides like I'm undercover



[Video Intro: Robert Ontenient]
Me Ilamo Roberto y estamos buscando a Jaden Smith

[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
I spit my heart out, lookin' out for my best interests
He gave me good head, peepin' out while the windows tinted
I speak in tongues and I arrive without a damn mention
It's kinda sick and I was born in 1996 and
1999 the only year that I remember
I slip through the cracks without havin' a damn temper
I bleach my hair because these bitches all about they bitchin'
I say shit when I rap and y'all niggas barely listen
I do the most for the culture, nigga, by just existing
Delete my tweets 'cause I'm ashamed of being a fuckin' Simpson
I told my mom I was gay, why the fuck she ain't listen?
I signed a pub deal and her opinion fuckin' disappearin'
I'm payin' bills for my sister and tryna fund her business
Is it homophobic to only hook up with straight niggas?
You know like closet niggas, masc-type?
Why don't you take that mask off?
That's the thought I had last night
"Why you always rap about bein' gay?"
'Cause not enough niggas rap and be gay
Where I come from, niggas get called "faggot" and killed
So I'ma get head from a nigga right here
And they can come and cut my head off and
And my legs off and
And I'ma still be a boss 'til my head gone, yeah

[Bridge: Ameer Vann]
Break the wheel, pack the steel, hold my niggas down
Twistin' on that syrup ‘til I hear crackin’ sounds
Break the wheel, pack the steel, hold my niggas down
Twistin' on that syrup ‘til I hear crackin’ sounds
Break, break, break the steel, hold my niggas down
Twistin' on that syrup ‘til I hear crack, crack, crack
Break the wheel, pack the steel, hold my niggas down
Twistin' on that syrup ‘til I hear crack

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
I don't trust nobody 'cause they don't deserve it
Niggas run in your house, they know you doin' dirty
(Go 'head now!)
I got my hand on an ounce, so now I got money servin'
I just bought me a fifth and now I'm speedin', swervin'
(Go 'head now!)
I took an eighth of them shrooms and now I'm hearin' voices
I took like two of them pills, I can't remember nothing
(Go 'head now!)
I ain't under control, I'm losin' motor function
I need an intervention, I need an exorcism
I need a therapist, paranoia and drug addiction
It's very scary, my momma don't even recognize me
I'm goin' crazy, don't need nobody to say they love me
My acts of desperation, I'm on an empty stomach
So fuck the consequences, I ain't runnin' from them

[Verse 3: Merlyn Wood]
Feelin' like a goner, put my life in locker
Hotbox in the Hummer, (Merlyn, Merlyn!) hot bars in the summer
If I had the option, I would do it all again
If I had the option, I would do it all again
I just wanna feel like I did the right program
I just want to appeal to my dad and my cousins (Again)
When I cut that feel, I do nothing but diplomas
Love is knowin' that you didn’t do it by your lonesome
So I forgive my mommy, daddy, auntie and my uncles
For guilt-tripping feelings whenever they call my number
They see men dream, they see men fallin'
But when I dream, I'm smashing on a Lana

[Bridge: Matt Champion & Joba]
Both pessimistic, drug addicted, caught in our feelings
We spit venom then stare at the ceiling wondering why
My mom's no alcoholic, she just wanna drown her sorrows
Love her to death and soon enough I'll give back all I borrowed
Both so submissive, take turns dominating, the light has been faded
This hate-fueled love, we don't fake it, no givin', just takin'
I took some steps to be a bigger person
I should've thrown ya off the highway to cars swerving

[Verse 4: Matt Champion]
Ain't no burden, ain't no sermon, ain't no motherfuckin' plaque
I hate these hospitals and police and the smell of death, all that
I hate these shady folk, that want a lady, like
But don't treat lady right, but they be sayin' like— ("just the tip")
And yeah you mad 'cause she ain't fuck, mad 'cause she ain't suck
Beat your ass before you got time to say "why not?"
Here to catch ya slip up, wish you could just rewind
Time to not fuck up, thought you were just lucked up
Where the respect? Is your ass human?
I look you in your eyes, say, "Fuck you, are you fuckin' stupid?"
Respect my mother, 'spect my sister, 'spect these women, boy
I get my 9-9, I don't own one, hit the store to blow your brains off
Better hope my aim off, better hope the range off
Better hope my tame off before I blow your brains off, boy

[Outro: Dom McLennon]
Uh, no hands with the stunts
Jump off the roof like I do what I want
All of my life in my past wanna haunt
And my sight of the future beginning to taunt my ambition
Man on the moon, I'm marooned, I ain't trippin'
I'm on a mission, every time that I speak they ain't skippin'
Turned my inspiration to a vision, that's a given, no slippin'



[Scratched Hook]
Stick up kids is out to tax
And this is how the story goes

[Verse 1]
Brothers are amused by others brother's reps
But the thing they know best is where the gun is kept
Cause in the night you'll feel fright
And at the sight of a four-fifth, I guess you just might
Wanna do a dance or two
Cause they could maybe bust you for self or with a crew
No matter if you or your brother's a star
He could pop you and jet without a getaway car
And some might say that he's a dummy
But he's sticking you and taking all of your money
It's a daily operation
He might be loose in the park or lurking at the train station
Mad brothers know his name
So he thinks he got a little fame from the stick-up game
And while we're blaming society
He's at a party with his man
They got their eye on the gold chain that the next man's wearing
It looks big but they ain't staring
Just thinking of a way and when to get the brother
They'll be long gone before the kid recovers
And back around the way he'll have the chain on his neck
Claiming respect, just to get a rep

[Scratched Hook]

[Verse 2]
Ten brothers in a circle had the kid trapped
The one with the hoodie said, "We'll hurt you"
If you don't run all your jewels and pay
Give up the Rolex watch or you won't see another day
See they were on the attack
And one said, "Yo, you wanna make this to a homicide rap?
Make it fast so we can be on our way
Kick in the rings and everything, ok?"
The kid was nervous and flinching
And little shorty with the .38, yo, he was inching
Closer and closer, put the gun to his head
Shorty was down to catch a body instead
Money was scared so he panicked
Took off his link and his rings, and ran frantic
But shorty said, "Now" pulled the trigger and stepped
It was nothing, he did it just to get a rep

[Scratched Hook]

[Verse 3]
The rep grows bigger, now he's known for his trigger finger
Rolling with troops of his sons like a gangster figure
He's near the peak of his crazy career
His posse's a nightmare, macking jewels and crazy gear
But as we know, the things we do come back
And Shorty's not peeping, others are scheming to counteract
Cause the kid that got shot didn't perish, so
He pulls up in a jeep with tinted windows
Too late, Shorty was caught in the midst
His time ran out, his number came up, and that's it
You know the rest, so don't front, the plan has been upset
Some brothers gotta go out just to get a rep



I wanted to take white trash t-shirts and make it a video. I wanted to make it as phony as possible. I wanted to show you that this is the type of imagery that has been presented to us for years, and the only difference is a black man in the middle.



[Verse 1: Method Man]
I ain't trying to be no D-boy, I love music, I'm a b-boy
Are you the undercover or the decoy
I'm heavy with the D, Trouble T Roy
A pit with no muzzle about to bust your bubble like a keloid
Too much marijuana got me p-noid
I'm killing instrumentals with that All So Simple Can It Be, boy
Shout to Lil Cease, B.I.G., boy
And Funk Doctor Spock, I mean Redman that's not Leonard Nimoy
88 keys on the keyboard
I'm down to catch wreck, take them first three letters out of record
It's Meth, you heard it through the wire I could be more
Or washed up like Sonny Black's body on the seashore
That's a problem, I could be yours
A monster without the mad scientist and Igor
I've heard it before, a third of these boys
Got murder raps and never even murdered before

[Hook: Nathaniel]
Keep watch, lights out when the beat drop
Keeping the streets locked
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block
Keep watch, lame niggas out there can kick rocks
Run these streets out here don't need cops
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block

[Verse 2: Inspectah Deck]
Codename Sensei, I live what my pen say
Game hall of fame, flow is MJ, Muy caliente
Je m'appelle Rebel, capisce, comprende?
Son I'm touching 'em up, trust I'm like
Justin Tuck how they ducking the rush
Tryna break bad, you catch a bad break
Like I own a bake shop how I stack cakes
Greatness was nothing, Deck the next Nike ad
Wifey bad and my life got 'em slightly mad
Cause I shine like chrome in July
Soldier I opened your eyes, notice the lies
DEA say I'm drugging 'em
I get you leaning hard, I get the fiends to nod, I mean they loving 'em
All hail your highness, terrific win
Put a so-called beast in his place, Pacific Rim

[Hook: Nathaniel]
Keep watch, lights out when the beat drop
Keeping the streets locked
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block
Keep watch, lame niggas out there can kick rocks
Run these streets out here don't need cops
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block

[Verse 3: Cappadonna]
Foul ass police, crooked ass friends
I don't give a fuck, yo, the drama never ends
I'm a project nigga, I don't care about the Benz
Plus I had a lot of chicks, you can have those bitches
But I murder your bloodclot if you touch my riches
Yeah crazy ass skipper, I be in the slums, nigga
Fuck where I come from I'm a quiet gangster nigga
First I get you comfortable, then I start shanking niggas
Park Hill code is don't violate the family
Brother to brother it's no snakes in the amnesty
I come through wilding on some Wu-Tang Can It Be..
Googly-eyed nigga, chop his face in the ministry
Never scared to do the time, fuck the penitentiary
Leave a bunch of dead niggas, don't forget to mention me
The angel of rap, the un-ordinary light
Already did what I was gonna do before you even got the mic

[Verse 4: GZA]
We left a large solar cloud distinguished by size
Interaction with the wise and civilized
The mind caused matter to fall into a center
A great deal of heat that'll radiate within ya
From out of this collision
The central cord became thick enough to trap its own light and bring vision
Each drop full of Hip Hop energy
Balanced on all sides such great symmetry
The bars unlocked the power of the stars
The mirror in the telescope pinpoint the gods
From a distance, acting as a guiding coach
Analyze the board, universal approach
Retune the soul to a certain pitch
Changing the frequency frequently, hitting a certain switch
The love is paramount, the connect is brotherly
Respect for the intellect and broad discovery

[Hook: Nathaniel]
Keep watch, lights out when the beat drop
Keeping the streets locked
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block
Keep watch, lame niggas out there can kick rocks
Run these streets out here don't need cops
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block

[Outro: Kung Fu Sample]
They're very trick so you must be very careful
Uh, Brother Fay's quite right
But still we have been taught that man is good
And if he wasn't good Buddha would not try to help him
"Hey you have a pass from the..."



[Intro]
Little something for my godson Elijah
And a little girl named Corin

[Verse 1]
Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh, then the deeper the roots
I give a holla to my sisters on welfare
2Pac cares if don't nobody else care
And I know they like to beat you down a lot
When you come around the block, brothers clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive, but don't forget, girl, keep ya head up
And when he tells you you ain't nothin', don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you, you should leave him
‘Cause, sister, you don't need him
And I ain't tryin' to gas you up, I just call 'em how I see 'em
You know what makes me unhappy?
When brothers make babies
And leave a young mother to be a pappy
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women — do we hate our women?
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies that make the babies
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up?
I know you're fed up, ladies, but keep ya head up

[Hook]
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter

[Verse 2]
Ayo, I remember Marvin Gaye used to sing to me
He had me feelin' like black was the thing to be
And suddenly the ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with a local crew and had a smoke or two
And I realize Mama really paid the price
She nearly gave her life to raise me right
And all I had to give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic and make it to the bright screen
I'm tryin' to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay the rent
And in the end it seems I'm headin' for the pen
I try to find my friends, but they're blowin' in the wind
Last night my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
It seems the rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up and still keep from gettin' wet up
You know, it's funny, when it rains it pours
They got money for wars but can't feed the poor
Say there ain't no hope for the youth
And the truth is it ain't no hope for the future
And then they wonder why we crazy
I blame my mother for turnin' my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive, ‘cause it's a set-up
And even though you're fed up, huh, you got to keep ya head up

[Hook]
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter

[Verse 3]
And uh, to all the ladies havin' babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin' all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by your lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids even if nobody else want 'em
‘Cause I think we can make it; in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and come back for more
‘Cause ain't nothin' worse than when your son
Wants to know why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain you was dealt this
Hell of a hand without a man, feelin' helpless
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dyin' inside, but outside you're lookin' fearless
While tears is rollin' down your cheeks
You steady hopin' things don't fall down this week
‘Cause if it did, you couldn't take it
And don't blame me — I was given this world, I didn't make it
And now my son's gettin' older and older
And colder from havin' the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin' Benz
I'm still tryin' to hold on to survivin' friends
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up
But please, you got to keep ya head up



[Interlude: Kevin Abstract]
"Yo, yo, yo, this is Kevin Cinema. You're listening to Things We Lost in the Fire Radio on Beats 1. Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-bow! When I remember my first experience with a pool, you know? It was in Corpus Christi, I was visiting my sister. I'm telling you, I swear to God, It was either 1999 or 2000—1999, the only year that I remember... Seriously, I mean it. So, I'm standing, like, towards the edge of the pool. There's a bunch of people there, like my, my sister, my brother, I think my mom. It's a pool on this apartment complex in Corpus. I'm just looking at the water, like, I'm telling myself, like, "Jump in, I'll figure it out. I, I know I can swim..." So, as soon as I jump in, I panic and I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just [inhales deeply], it sounds like this [frantic water splashing] and I can hear people, I can hear people screaming outside. Like it just sounds muffled. They're like "Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Oh my god!" and I'm just going crazy underwater. Oh, my God, I'm probably about to die—Looking back, this is how I feel. Who knows what my young brain was actually thinking and, like, processing in that moment? Next thing I know, my brother comes into the pool [diving, splash noise] grabs me, pulls me out [chokingly exhales] and like I was scared of the water ever since then, I will never ever get back into the water. But then I learned how to swim. It was great. This is Kevin Cinema and that's one of my earliest memories with water."



[Rae]
Yo Meth, hold up, hold up
Yo Meth, where my Killer tape at, God?
First of all, where my... where the fuck is my tape at?

[Meth]
Yo son, I ain't got that piece, son

[Rae]
How you ain't got my shit when I let you hold it, man?

[Meth]
Yo, niggas came over to have 40s and blunts, kid
The shit just came up missing, son

[Rae]
Come on, man, that don't got nothing to do with my shit, man
Come on, man, go head with that shit, man

[Meth]
Come on, man, I'll buy you four more fucking Killer tapes, man

[U-God]
(banging on the door) A-yo! A-yo!

[Rae]
Open the door man, what the fuck, man?
Yo, what? What's up?

[Ghost]
Yo, yo God, word is bond, yo
Shameek just got bust in his head two times, God!

[U-God]
Word to mother!

[Ghost]
Word life, God. You know Shameek from fucking 212, God?
The nigga just got bucked
Niggas in a black Land, God, word is bond
Came through, God, from out of nowhere, God
Word is bond I'm coming to get my Culture Cipher, God
And they just... word is bond, crazy shots just went the fuck off, God

[U-God]
Niggas let off crazy shots, kid

[Ghost]
The nigga laying there like a fucking newborn fucking baby, God

[U-God]
Word up!

[Meth]
Is he dead?

[Ghost]
Is he fucking dead? What the fuck you mean is he fucking dead, God?

[U-God]
What the fuck kind of question is that, B? Fuck you think?

[Ghost]
The nigga laying there with his fucking...
All types of fucking blood coming out of his fucking...

[U-God]
(sarcastically) Is he is he is he dead?

[Ghost]
Yo God, what's up God? It's the God, God, word is bond
Yo what's up I'm ready to fucking lay...
I'm ready to get busy, God, what's up?

[Rae]
Yo let's go do what we got...

[U-God]
What's up, yo?

[Rae]
Yo let's go do what we gotta do, man, fuck it

[U-God]
Yo, we out or what, man?

[Ghost]
It's the God, God, fuck that, man

[U-God]
You saying we out?

[Meth]
They probably took the tape

[Ghost]
What the fuck?

[Rae]
Nigga still sweating the tape, man

[Ghost]
What the fuck is you talking about? Get the fuck outta here

[Rae]
Fucking corn



[Produced by Sounwave; Additional production by Terrace Martin]

[Intro]
I got a bone to pick
I don't want you monkey-mouth motherfuckers
Sittin' in my throne again
Ayy, ayy, nigga what's happenin'?
K-Dot back in the hood, nigga!
I'm mad (He mad!), but I ain't stressin'
True friends, one question

[Chorus 1]
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
When you got the yams—(What's the yams?)

[Verse 1]
The yam is the power that be
You can smell it when I'm walkin' down the street
(Oh yes, we can, oh yes, we can)
I can dig rappin', but a rapper with a ghost writer?
What the fuck happened? (Oh no!)
I swore I wouldn't tell, but most of y'all sharing bars
Like you got the bottom bunk in a two-man cell (A two-man cell)
Something's in the water (Something's in the water)
And if I gotta brown-nose for some gold
Then I'd rather be a bum than a motherfuckin' baller

[Chorus 1]
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
King Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
When you got the yams—(What's the yams?)

[Verse 2]
The yam brought it out of Richard Pryor
Manipulated Bill Clinton with desires
24/7, 365 days times two
I was contemplatin' gettin' on stage
Just to go back to the hood, see my enemy, and say… (Oh yeah)

[Chorus 1]
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
King Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him

[Verse 3]
You goat-mouth mammyfucker
I was gonna kill a couple rappers, but they did it to themselves
Everybody's suicidal, they ain't even need my help
This shit is elementary, I'll probably go to jail
If I shoot at your identity and bounce to the left
Stuck a flag in my city, everybody's screamin' "Compton!"
I should probably run for mayor when I'm done, to be honest
And I put that on my momma and my baby boo too
Twenty million walkin' out the court buildin', woo woo!
Aw yeah, fuck the judge
I made it past twenty-five, and there I was
A little nappy-headed nigga with the world behind him
Life ain't shit but a fat vagina
Screamin' "Annie, are you okay? Annie, are you okay?"
Limo tinted with the gold plates
Straight from the bottom, this the belly of the beast
From a peasant to a prince to a motherfuckin' king (oh yeah)

[Chorus 2]
Bitch, where was you when I was walkin'—{Gunshot}
By the time you hear the next pop
The funk shall be within you—{Gunshot}
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
King Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where was you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him

[Outro]
Funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk
We want the funk
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk
Do you want the funk?
We want the funk
Do you want the funk?
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk

[Poem]
I remember you was conflicted, misusing your influence



[Verse 1: Domo Genesis]
Guess with a few exceptions, yeah, I'm living honest
Except I promised my momma that I would finish college
Started chasing profit
Sorry ma, I ain't forget about it but if money evil
I'm hoping that you could see through all the drama
And watch me get these dollars
And my ambition burn so hot, it's like I'm bleeding lava
Haters be pleading me to stop but I don't even bother
Though my approach is seeming awkward, I could see it proper
See success and I just see the fact that I don't need a father
Doms hotter than the drop of Harry Potter shit
Pedal to the metal, high-level, full throttle shit
Still searching for a reason why niggas ain't acknowledge this
I'm lost in an era where real shit does not exist
I need the sway of things, I'm everyday cooling it
I'm getting blazed and laughing at the way they overdoing shit
I'm just a old soul sticking to a newer script
I guess I got to prove this shit, I'm truly too legit to quit

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
I'd like to send a shout to the fathers that didn't raise us
To every hoe who hated, now unable to say much
To critics doing dirty with comments, a nigga paid for an apartment
Yesterday off some songs I haven't yet made up
Black Cressida, pay up
Bars going hard as the ashtray where I place guts
Shouts to the eses who paid pesos to play us
Riding in the barrio
Huff and puff blowing kush in Huf clothing articles
Kenny rolling blunts got us stuck like a barnacle
To the bottom of your shit, ironic cause the audios
As nautical as ships, look momma, look momma
Look, your product is legit, I promise, honest
This karma got me balling up my fist
'Til I demolish your clique, pardon the clips
I am honestly as bomb as it gets
Regardless of who is talking, I'm farming, harvesting hits
Just me and Domo, one lit, marijuana to split between two of us
Rocking boxes easy as warming some ramen noodles up
So, searching for a way to state it right
Young, black, and jaded, vision hazy strolling through the night



[Intro: Kanye West (Monica)]
Yo Monica, I know you shootin' that video in there
Aw, you just ain't gon' let me in the video, huh?
No no, i-it's me, Kanye West (It's funny how the tables turn)
You know, th-throw your diamonds up? Through the wire? (turn)
You ain't seen my video, heh? (turn, turn)
You know, I- like me and Missy we did this song
Together whatever
Um, okay, well

[Interlude: Kanye West]
I can't keep knockin' and keep rockin' and keep poppin'
I keep droppin' and keep poppin' and keep rockin'
But I can't keep knockin' and keep knockin'
And keep poppin' and keep rockin'
Let's get it poppin'

[Missy Elliot {*overlaps Kanye West Interlude*]
So upset
This that hot shit
Uh huh, yeah
New Monica!

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Now you ain't let me in the video (true)
Play me like Semi did Arsenio (true)
I'm Kanye from the Chi city yo (who?)
I'm the nigga that did the beat yo
You know we too old for this like Holyfield still boxin'
Ya will watch and I look back, ya still watchin'
What he got that I ain't got? I got Benz
I got rims, not 20s but I got 10s
Real real clean, come and get your rear wheel cleaned
She did what with who? Man I hear things
Like when I was doin' my dirt and she heard things
Up worryin' while she wore her ring
Now she got a fling and where's her ring?
That [?VVS?] is in the purse now, feelin's in the dirt now
Somebody buyin' the bar, quenchin' her thirst now
Somebody bought her a dress, she in the church now
And what's worse now, she ain' gotta work now
She cuffed an NBA player from the first round
I grabbed her neck and made it hurt to breathe
She said "Security, this jerk could leave"
And uh

[Verse 2: Monica]
So do just what you want anytime that you really like
I put a payment on my place, you'll be sleepin' alone tonight
So don't you come knockin'

[Hook (Monica)]
Knock knock knock, stop knocking
Don't come knocking at my do'
(Don't you come knockin' at, whoa)
Ring ring ring, let the phone stop
I don't want you calling me no mo'

[Kanye West {*overlaps chorus*}
Yo this the remix, and I'm Kon the Louis Vuitton Don
Or you can call me Louis XIV
By the way cause I dropped out of the fourteenth grade

[Verse 3: Monica (Kanye West)]
I used to be so gone
You were someone I could lean on
My life support system (uh huh)
And I thought I couldn't breathe, ah ah
When you used to leave, yep (ye) yep (ye)
I see you put yo clean on
Big chains, gold teeth, and yo gleam on (Roc-a-Fella chain)
All night wanna be gone
Wanna tell me stay home like I got a [fuckin'] ring on
Now you say I'm not your wife, right right (you like wifey)
So why should I be chillin'? goodnight goodnight (oh)
Now pack up my things for a flight (ok)
I got a place and it's fixed up nice
So don't come knocking at my do' (aw man)
I got company comin 'round fo'
So whoa whoa, haha, yeah

[Hook (Kanye West)]
I don't want you callin' me no mo'
Knock, knock, knock, stop knocking (yeah)
Don't come knocking at my door

[Interlude: Kanye West]
And I can't keep knockin' and keep rockin'
Let's get it poppin' and that's stoppin'

[Hook]
Ring ring ring, let the phone stop
I don't want you calling me no mo'

[Outro: Kanye West]
What up Really Doe, I see you
Hey the [?Loc?] gon' be mad as hell when we go on tour
You see I already got GLC up outta there
Aw we finna blow man
You know we got the game on smash
John Monopoly, Don C
Plain Pat what up?
Yeah, you know I got that boogie
And Jay boogie well
Yeah, what up Roc?
Yeah, [?Arrow Stah?]
What up Tiffany, I see you

[Outro: Monica {*overlaps Kanye West*]
Changed my locks, took my things
Can't come in
Changed my locks, took my things
Can't come in
I don't want you calling me no mo'



[Intro: Rick Ross, Denzel Curry]
It's history right here (Tote a 4 and pour some liq')
Wassup my nigga? (I'ma tote that stick until they send me to the pen)
It's time to empower these niggas mane, do it for the city (This the way it is, I gotta get it how I live)
We got to give it to them raw though, ya feel me? (Knotty headed niggas)

[Verse 1: Denzel Curry]
Hair is nappy, knotty
Fuck karate, I got me a shotty
Jumpin' in the door, kamikaze
Origami if the neighbors saw me
But I won't fold, oh no
That's how the young boy's ass got smoked
But they got jacked like MK4
Sub-zero, put a nigga on salt, iced out
This the price I gotta pay because I wanna be iced out
Have them lookin' at my face as they tellin' me lights out
Sleep is the cause of the death, no a NY not my state of mind
211's broad day, I had to live a life of crime

[Pre-Hook: Denzel Curry]
Get the product then we out the door
Mama I've been twistin' weed
And now it's time to lock the fro, blowin' dro
Call me knotty head cause I don't give a fuck
I was raised off in the projects, know this life ain't meant for us
Bitch I can't be touched
Get the product then we out the door
Mama I've been twistin' weed
And now it's time to lock the fro, let it go
Call me knotty head and if I ever go
Tell my mama that I love her cause tomorrow not for sure
I would never know

[Hook: Denzel Curry]
Tote a 4 and pour some liq'
I'ma tote that stick until they send me to the pen
This the way it is, I gotta get it how I live
Knotty headed niggas
Tote a 4 and pour some liq'
I'ma tote that stick until they send me to the pen
This the way it is, I gotta get it how I live
Knotty headed niggas

[Verse 2: Denzel Curry]
Hair is nappy, knotty, pack a pistol when I'm in the party
Life is melancholy, sellin' flock when they think it's molly
Bitches be givin' me sloppy
My pockets on Andy Milonakis
Bumpin' Speaker Knockerz
Rico's Story when I see the coppers
Gem golds in my mouth and my dreads lookin' like a palm-tree
Plus you know what a nigga's skin tone is, so that's why they fuck with me
Opposition we made obsolete when aimin' and targetin'
Monday to Sunday, all of you niggas, we slangin' like Pistol Pete, peace

[Pre-Hook: Denzel Curry]
Get the product then we out the door
Mama I've been twistin' weed
And now it's time to lock the fro, blowin' dro
Call me knotty head cause I don't give a fuck
I was raised off in the projects, know this life ain't meant for us
Bitch I can't be touched
Get the product then we out the door
Mama I've been twistin' weed
And now it's time to lock the fro, let it go
Call me knotty head and if I ever go
Tell my mama that I love her cause tomorrow not for sure
I would never know

[Hook: Denzel Curry]
Tote a 4 and pour some liq'
I'ma tote that stick until they send me to the pen
This the way it is, I gotta get it how I live
Knotty headed niggas
Tote a 4 and pour some liq'
I'ma tote that stick until they send me to the pen
This the way it is, I gotta get it how I live
Knotty headed niggas

[Verse 3: Rick Ross]
Maybach Music
Found another body in the lake
Same day another tattoo on his face
Obituary on his mother’s fireplace
Baby mother fuck another sucker on a blind date
Shots fired every night I’m tryna mind mine
Dolphin Gang, Bello cigars on the sideline
Pussy niggas you can see it on his timeline
Hatin' on his dawg, shit I’m tryna find mine
Calm nigga, when I’m lit up I get Von Miller
Rich niggas if you real then you can run with us
Educated reading books I’m talkin Art of War
Whippin yoda yayo residue on the marble floors
I wanna see my niggas with the flyest clothes
Came to put my city on that’s if I’m right or wrong
Pulling into Risco Park in the richest cars
And I’m thinking of my dawgs since I’m livin wrong
Jehovah’s witness swear to God I done seen it all
Picking up the pistols every time the dogs bark
You pointing fingers but them choppers cutting arms off
D.C.C.C. we came to warn y'all
Mothafucka damn right we came to warn y'all
Mothafucka damn right we came to warn y'all
Curry what’s up! Double M
It’s futuristic shit



[Part 1]

[Intro]
Hol' it yute, hol' it, hol' it, hol' it, hol' it, hol' it
No sleepin' in the streets!
Shaky warrior
Yeah, this that Oliver, 40, Niko shit man
15 Fort York shit, y'know?
Boi-1da, what's poppin'?
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
Countin' money, you know how it goes
Pray the real live forever, man
Pray the fakes get exposed
I want that Ferrari, then I swerve
I want that Bugatti, just to hurt
I ain't rockin' my jewelry, that's on purpose
Niggas want my spot and don't deserve it
I don't like how serious they take themselves
I've always been me, I guess I know myself
Shakiness, man, I don't have no time for that
My city too turned up, I'll take the fine for that
This been where you find me at
That's been where you find me at
I know a nigga named Johnny Bling
He put me on to the finer things
Had a job sellin' Girbaud jeans
I had a yellow TechnoMarine
Then Kanye dropped, it was polos and backpacks
Man, that was when Ethan was pushin' a Subaru hatchback
Man, I'm talkin' way before hashtags
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes
(Yeah!)

[Part 2]

[Beat Switch]

[Chorus]
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that should go
You know how that should go
You know how that should go
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that should go
You know how that should go
You know how that should go
Don't fuck with them niggas, they too irrational, woah

[Verse 2]
This is that nasty flow
Top boy in this shit, I'm so international
Reps up is in here
Got P Reign and Chubby and TJ and Winnie and whoa
Yeah, and you know how that shit go
I might declare it a holiday as soon as Baka get back on the road
Yeah, but you know how that shit go
They so irrational, they don't wanna patch it up
They wanna mash it up, woah
My nigga Jibba, he whip it, I ride in the passenger
I'm way up, I stay up, I'm two up, I'm three up
I had to get back to you, woah
I'm turnin' into a nigga that thinks about money and women
Like 24/7, that's where my life took me
That's just how shit happened to go
Yeah, and you know
Runnin' through the 6 with my, with my

[Chorus]
I was running through the 6 with my woes
And you know how that should go
You know how that should go
You know how that should go
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that should go
You know how that should go
You know how that should go
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that should go

[Outro: Popcaan & Drake]
...Shell out, all if yuh eye nuh big
Always haffi look out, yuh no know if yuh head book out
Dun know, a de Unruly boss, dis man
No bomboclat, otha
And if a boy nuh like OVO or Chromatic
Yuh can jus suck yuh mada!!
With no apology, if you nuh like we, we nuh like you neither youth
Your girl a say we cute, if you diss you will get execute
That's the truth, OVO Unruly
(Machine gun shots)
With my woes



[Verse: MF DOOM + sample]
Darker than the East river, larger than the Empire State
Where the beast who guard the barbed wire gate
Is on the job—not my fate, tired of the wait
'Til the Villain bring deliverance from the dire straits
Fire at a higher rate why'd they make the liars?
Fliers scatter, buy a plate—isolate the wires
Try the straight pliers, if not—the vice grips
A real price-saver way to acquire nice whips
What a steal for real on wheels of steel
Stunner, a funner summer number-one meal deal-bummer
A bizarre phenomenon—is your armor on?
Take your cash, Karma, or break your fast—Ramadan
Transaction drama—aw, come on, Barney
Clack, clack—pardon me, wack rap con carne
He came to feed the childrens like Sally Struthers
After that, he's going back to Cali, where's the—("—love is—")
Wilder than the Nile, hold power like the great pyramids
Of Giza, and stay leanin' like the tower of Pisa
Give him something he can feel that's soft to squeeza
Raw with the pen, and on the mic—off the hezza
Get shot off that wide-eyed talk
If he had a pot—he'd still piss on the sidewalk
Can't take the street out the street-person
Lookin' for the perfect beat, coercion into heat-burstin'
They couldn't spot him on the spot date
Got the only tape that come with a free hot-plate
Whoever do get to see me sing
With the 3-D ring, sittin' stationary like B.B. King
Can see how it really sting—it ain't no front row
Standing room only at the motocross stunt show
The ruckus ain't up to Snuffleupagus
Me and Sub' is like the brown Smothers Brothers ("My love is—")
Vaster than the seven seas, bigger than Mount Kilimanjaro
If they don't know, fill 'em in tomorrow
On the horror show, a mental note: return Bob’s record
Swear to God, before he gets a job, he robs Eckerd
Blessed with a hot flow—tested—it got dough
Invested in stress, the best to finesse an opto
As I reminisce, never forgot when I was very broke
Shot the Henny straight, couldn't afford to cop the Cherry Coke
Or should I say, broke with wealth?
To know enough to give them just enough rope to yoke they self
Plan B before I take the ring and pawn it
The long arm of the law couldn't even put they fingers on it
Dog-gone it—do the statistics
How he bust lyrics—it's too futuristic for ballistics
And far too eccentric for forensics
I dedicate this mix to Subroc, the hip-hop Hendrix

[Outro: Sample + [?]]
"In my pocket, a note. 
It's—from my father."
"—from the guard's whip. Is this a trick?
Why would I resort to trickery? You're already a prisoner. What do I gain by deceiving you?
You can't blame me for being suspicious."
"No."
Hehe

[Produced by MF DOOM]



[Verse]
Give it a sec for the pain to start
This wreck right here, it ain't for the faint of heart
They thought they saw the worst verse
From the team of G men who seem like nerds at first
Once they get to know us people dig us
Leaders in the fight for equal rights for niggas
Inventor of the more dementeder flow, no bout a-doubt it
This go for if you're bout it bout it or rowdy, rowdy
Whatever's clever, the master fold
Who every hooker heard of, but now ho know
If we see tomorrow, the next day classes
The Villain in the back with the x-ray glasses
Have no fear, the ninja here
Feel 'em like the tinge in your ear from drinking ginger beer
When it's on, loco head gon' lay low
And heat it like beef patty, coco bread kon queso
If you say so lace the whole case load
They say he wear a metal mask in case his face show
He told 'em they flows is bitch talk and ayo's
His whole crew walk with pitchfork and halos
Say, ho, if you never worked a J-O
And keep more cash in the stash than a peso
Okay, yo, y'all know who to follow
Tie 'em up in the crib and leave they place hollow
Oh, shoot, the goose is loose
So wild you couldn't chase it down with straight fruit juice
Frown like the first time you taste cous cous
Stash the deuce deuce, troops asking truce, truce
Today on intense wreck week
We have the super villain in his own defense to speak
It's all part of my mental techniques
Available to freaks and pencil neck geeks
Train a sane brain to an insane train of thought
On a campaign trail he came to gain your support
Charge cash for a autograph
Say some shit to make your daughter laugh then slaughter the ass
See 'em on the big screen like Steve McQueen
Do something and never be back once he leaves the scene
Keep more medicated pads than Stridex
For his own side wreck with no known side effects
Before you press charges use your noodle
So what when he grab the mic he crush your cute cuticles
Keep your mouth shut, everything will be beautiful
It would be awfully rude to you, now get back to your hooty hoo
Damn it, it ain't worth the drama, can it
From the calm bandit eat rhymers like pomegranate
Soon as he stepped in, he lit the room
Boom, reschedule my noon with Britt Hume
(Doom!) In love with Mary Jane, she's my main thing
Pulled her right from that web head, what a lame brain
Maintain and say it, don't spray it
You wanna see your girl again, you might as well pay it
If I had a dime for every rhymer that bust guns
I'll have a cool mil' for my sons in trust funds
When I was broker than a broke dick dog
I always kept a L to smoke in thick fog
When it rain, it sure do thunderstorm
I got more rhymes in the summer than musty underarms
One, two, microphone checker
First learned to neck off a Home Ec homewrecker
This is back when he was like crib age
When he hit the stage, it's like a gauge to the rib cage
Break the mic like a rock star, break a guitar
And jump off the stage like, "Yee haw!"

[Outro Skit]
(UN leader): We shall now vote for a new world leader. I nominate, DOOM. All in favor, say I
(Delegates (In unison)): I
(Peter Parker): Oh no
(DOOM): DOOM is master of the world

(Voice 1): We must hurry
(Voice 2): If you are really with us, prove it. Let me hear you say it. Tell us that DOOM is a tyrant and must be overthrown
(Voice 1): I-I have spent my life
(Voice 2): Say it! You have spent your life serving a tyrant. DOOM must be stopped
(Voice 1): I fear you're right, my friend

(DOOM Cronie): The President of the United States is on the phone
(DOOM): Mr. President, you're at the mercy of your deadliest enemy
(President): It is time you learned once and for all, DOOM. The united states does not barter with terrorists
(DOOM): You never learn, do you?

(Voice 1): Here, this is the address of friends in New York. They'll help



[Verse 1]
It's horrible, one little evening alone, home
End up with carpal tunnel syndrome
And here I am, known for giving heavy back aches
Grown and living off of Little Debbie snack cakes
Supposed to be checking emails
All I got is messages from ass naked females
I don't know a Jenny
She said it's free and I won't owe her a penny
And that's the last time I saw her
But thousands of more horrors on online Gomorrah
And Sodom, they got 'em with they curls out
And they got a better sales pitch than the Girl Scouts
I wonder what I owe her
For a whole box of caramel coconut samoa
("Nite nite!"), Uh, ok honey, sweet dreams
Now it's time to get serious like Peek Freans
A metal handful, wipe it on the quilt
Wife wake up and I'm kill't over spilt milk
Locked in, looking at your picture
Fully clothed winter and I right there with ya
Thinking about the last time I split your wishbone
A man could only wish you do the same 'til he get home
Fat chance, at least he get snacks
That'd have to do 'til a brother get back
Until then smack One-Eyed Jack
And hope one of his peoples can hook him with a tri-pack
That's three different flavors
Chocolate, vanilla and strawberry wafers
Acting all hard, 'bout to get beat up
I'll show him what time it is once I get this sheet up
Soon as he fell off the beat down
All I hear is, "13th cell, put the sheet down"
Damn C.O.,, what the hell do she know?
Besides the fact she wanna get dug out on the d-low
A workaholic with a fountain in the ink pen
Out in the mountains and I stopped drinking again
In the wee hours, he's gotten farther
Needing three showers, being hot and bothered
The wiz with her legs bent, pregnant
God bless the day she wondered where her egg went
I need a L, it's hard to drink without it
And could use some kookies but trying not to think about it
Watching "BET" on jazz for knowledge on file
Every other commercial, college hoes gone wild
Soft batch, I prefer the other bunch
Like we got for lunch, chocolate fudge butter crunch

[Instrumental Break]

[Verse 2]
He don't mess with the Ritz Bits
Wheat Thins, Saltines or Triscuits
Matzos or Cheez-Its
Catch sugar fits every time that he sees
Chips Ahoy, double chocolate chunk
Something with the bubble and the junk in the trunk
Even the Oreos, no matter what weather
Always kept 'em dipped in milk and stuck together
In the game he's shameless
Even uses a code name: Famous Amos
It's cheaper than a short stay at the Day's Inn
And good like 25 cent oatmeal raisin
Give a hand to who invented the camera
Skip past the gram animal in Grandma’s
Shh, make sure she don't wake from her dream chill
Or get caught with a handful of cream fill

"Oh, honey! What are you doing? That's so nasty!"
It might seem ill
"Ew! Go wash your hands!"
Kookies

[Outro: Samples]
"DOOM is master of the world."
"I'd sure hate to see that ugly mug in my history book."
"You've disturbed me for the last time."
(Voice 1): Hey, y'know something gang, that DOOM ain't all bad
(Voice 2): What do you mean, Ben?
(Voice 1): Well I gotta admit that I've been having a real good time. Y'know, I mean, between you and me I kinda like being black
(Voice 3): Well, maybe if we're lucky he'll attack one more time and send you back then, Benjamin
(Voice 1): Ah-haha very funny, very very funny
(Voice 2): He must be mad
(Voice 4): Well, if anyone can do it. Nevertheless let's get out of here, while we can
(Misc. Voice): Food, we need food



[Video Intro: Robert Ontenient]
Me llamo Roberto
Y esta es mi familia

[Intro: Kevin Abstract]
Let me share your couch with you
I thank you for that
You let me wipe my mouth with you
I thank you for that

[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
This ol' sky, if I die
I hope I'm no random guy
Somewhere out there they will say
He is mine, he is mine
This ol' sky, if I die
I hope I'm no random guy
Somewhere out there they will say
He is mine, he is mine

[Verse: Matt Champion]
Better not, better not, better not
Get too dark please
You should call, you should call, you should call
On me to eat
Even when, even when, even when
Night skies bug me

[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
This ol' sky, if I die
I hope I'm no random guy
Somewhere out there they will say
He is mine, he is mine
This ol' sky, if I die
I hope I'm no random guy
Somewhere out there they will say
He is mine, he is mine

[Refrain: Kevin Abstract]
In the daylight, I could say out loud
What happened to my niggas that I had to pray for
Hands in the dirt, break a little more
Turn around and let the wrong house lead a war
In the daylight, I could say out loud
What happened to my niggas that I had to pray for
Hands in the dirt, break a little more
Turn around and let the wrong house lead a war
In the daylight, I could say out loud
What happened to my niggas that I had to pray for
Hands in the dirt, break a little more
Turn around and let the wrong house lead a war
In the daylight, I could say out loud
What happened to my niggas that I had to pray for
Hands in the dirt, break a little more
Turn around and let the wrong house lead a war

[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
This ol' sky, if I die
I hope I'm no random guy
Somewhere out there they will say
He is mine, he is mine
This ol' sky, if I die
I hope I'm no random guy
Somewhere out there they will say
He is mine, he is mine
This ol' sky, if I die
I hope I'm no random guy
Somewhere out there they will say
He is mine, he is mine
This ol' sky, if I die
I hope I'm no random guy
Somewhere out there they will say
He is mine, he is mine

[Bridge: Merlyn Wood]
I'm just a boy yeah, I'm just a boy yeah
I try way too hard, I'm just a boy yeah
I'm just a boy yeah, I'm just a boy yeah
I try way too hard, I'm just a boy yeah

[Outro: Kevin Abstract]
Texas sky, if I die, I hope that I'm no random guy
It's so mm-mm-mm-mm-mm
Texas sky, if I die, I hope that I'm no random guy



[Intro]
Bronsolino
Fuck that sitting-down rap type shit, man
I stand up, cause I'm a motherfucking man
And I'm motherfucking hot

[Verse 1]
Peep it
I'm on the third floor, your class was in the basement
You know what that means; you got a hint of retardation
Well, me too, I'm fully-blown just like the flow, though
Spit the silky shit that's ankle-length like a kimono
Uh, sharp instruments to rock like a fossil
Shotty for the haters, that's trimmed off at the nostrils
Well, me and Docker eating dinner at the brothel
Never sniff that blanco, that's word to OJ's Bronco
Cop a Dutch and break it open, overfill it
I'm rollin' in the car, it may be shaky, never spill it, though
Cause when I rhyme, I feel possessed by El Espirito
Encounters of a Third Kind, X-Rays on the visual
Ginger ale and hot sauce, two things I live by
I'm such a chill guy, but fuck around and, yes, you will die
Green DeVille, right, green drugs, but hold the serum
Rub the things together, then you clear 'em, flatline
The prosciutto, olives from Tunisia
Drums are hittin' hard because they chopped up like a cleaver
And yes I'm smokin' all the reefer
The night creeper
I love the pussy really tight, that's with a light Caesar
Can it be that I'm the Golden Child, the chosen one
The piggies saying freeze, but every time they did I chose to run
Takin' that attachment on the nozzle like a soldier's gun
Hide behind the boulder, silver bullet through you shoulder, son
Crack the pepper over thin crust that's handmade
I'm stayin' strapped just like the Air Raid
Yo, take a taste of my nuts
Know they sweet just like the candy
Dick is the same color as Band-Aid, understand me?
I built this building, they came and then I conquered
Two hour flights to Heathrow up in the Concorde
Fermented grapes up in my glass that bear the same name
I'm working hard because that's what I need to maintain
Killer Queens is on the rise, so understand me
Ain't never stoppin' 'til there's a Grammy in a room for my family
Also known as a den
Post and toast with Lauren
Posing for pictures, kicking scriptures that form up a phlegm

[Interlude]
Uh, let me take a little break fam
I'm fucking straight out of surgery, man
I need a little break
When I come back in, I'mma come back in hard, though
I promise you that
(Look at my motherfucking shoulders, son)

[Verse 2]
Yo
I'm diving in like Louganis
I'm aiming right for that anus
Trying to give her a payment to rent the pussy like Avis
Peace to Shaevitz & Shaevitz
My rhymes are seasoned for flavor
Fuck with shorties that's in shape, they got the V like they're Vader
Ah ha, Animal Style, flippin' like a flipjack
You heard the cat rap, like animal's fear from a rat, got
Ankle length, that's suede, the jacket
Smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke
Do the Chatatimmy Shimmy like a crackhead
No one compare to me, lampin' with my tangerine
I'm fiend out, so I'm bangin' on the tambourine
Yo, bring the drugs and call me when you on the corner
And I'mma send the doja down in case they run up on ya
Your style is celibate, I'm elegant, trust
My style is liver and I'm ivory like a elephant tusk
Swirl the wine inside the glass that got the delicate musk
Shoe be pointy at the toe, closin' down the show
Poison be the flow, got the boysenberry blow
Finish on the women
That mean the bitch from Finland
Her tits are bonkers
Chilling in her chanclas
Rollers in her hair, I'm running through it, Larry Csonka

[Outro]
Bronsolino
You don't even know who fucking Larry Csonka is, man
Get the fuck off my wee-wee
Pussy



[Produced by Evidence & Kanye West]

[Intro: Jay-Z]
Yo fuck you, Kanye, first and foremost
For making me do this shit. Muh'fucker
Had to throw everybody out the motherfucking room
Cause they don't fucking

[Kanye]
I'd like to propose a toast
I said toast motherfucker!

[Hook: Kanye West]
And I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
The all around the world Digital Underground Pac
The Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer of the Roc
I take my chain, my 15 seconds of fame
And come back next year with the whole fucking game
Ain't nobody expect Kanye to end up on top
They expected that College Dropout to drop and then flop
Then maybe he stop savin' all the good beats for himself
Roc-A-Fella's only niggas that helped
My money was thinner than Sean Paul's goatee hair
Now Jean Paul Gaultier cologne fill the air, here
They say he bougie, he big-headed
Would you please stop talking about how my dick head is
Flow infectious, give me 10 seconds
I'll have a buzz bigger than insects in Texas
It's funny how wasn't nobody interested
'Til the night I almost killed myself in Lexus

[Hook: Kanye West]
Now I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Now was Kanye the most overlooked? Yes sir
Now is Kanye the most overbooked? Yes sir
Though the fans want the feeling of A Tribe Called Quest
But all they got left is this guy called West
That'll take Freeway, throw him on tracks with Mos Def
Call him Kwa-li or Kwe-li, I put him on songs with Jay-Z
I'm the Gap like Banana Republic and Old Navy, and oooh
It come out sweeter than old Sadie
Nice as Bun-B when I met him at the Source awards
Girl he had with him - ass coulda won the horse awards
And I was almost famous, now everybody love Kanye
I'm almost Raymond
Some say he arrogant. Can y'all blame him?
It was straight embarrassing how y'all played him
Last year shoppin my demo, I was tryin' to shine
Every motherfucker told me that I couldn't rhyme
Now I could let these dream killers kill my self-esteem
Or use my arrogance as the steam to power my dreams
I use it as my gas, so they say that I'm gassed
But without it I'd be last, so I ought to laugh
So I don't listen to the suits behind the desk no more
You niggas wear suits cause you can't dress no more
You can't say shit to Kanye West no more
I rocked 20,000 people, I was just on tour, nigga
I'm Kan, the Louis Vuitton Don
Bought my mom a purse, now she Louis Vuitton Mom
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards
I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
I went to the malls and I balled too hard
"Oh my god, is that a black card?"
I turned around and replied, "Why yes
But I prefer the term African American Express"
Brains, power, and muscle, like Dame, Puffy, and Russell
Your boy back on his hustle, you know what I've been up to
Killin y'all niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise-colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips

[Hook: Kanye West]
And I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall

"... last call for alcohol, for my niggas"

[Outro]
So this A&R over at Roc-A-Fella, named Hip Hop Picked the "Truth" beat for Beanie. And I was in the session with him. I had my demo with me. You know, like I always do. I play the songs, he's like "Who that spittin?" I'm like "It's me." He's like "Oh, well okay."
Uhh, he started talkin to me on the phone, going back and forth
Just askin me to send him beats, and I'm thinking he's trying to get into managing producers, cause he had this other kid named Just Blaze he was messin with

So won't you raise your glass won't you
So won't you raise your glass won't you
So won't you raise your glass won't you
So won't you raise your glass won't you

And um, he was friends with my mentor, No ID. And No ID told him, "Look man, you wanna mess with Kanye you need to tell him that you like the way he rap"

No ID: "Yo, you wanna sign him, tell him you like how he rap"

[Saxophone Solo]

I was all, I dunno if he was gassin' me or not but he's like he wanna manage me as a rapper AND a producer

[Hiphop: "I'll sign you as a producer and a rapper"]

I'm like oh shit. I was messin with, uh, D-Dot also. People were like this, started talking about the ghost production but that's how I got in the game. If it wasn't for that, I wouldn't be here. So you know, after they picked that "Truth" beat I was figuring I was gonna do some more work but shit just wasn't poppin off like that. I was stayin in Chicago, I had my own apartment, I be doin like, just beats for local acts just to try to keep the lights on, and then to go out and buy, get a Pelle Pelle off lay-away, get some Jordans or something or get a TechnoMarine, that's what we wore back then
I made this one beat where I sped up this Harold Melvin sample I played it for Hip over the phone, he's like, "Oh, yo that shit is crazy Jay might want it for this compilation album he doin, called The Dynasty. And at that time, like the drums really weren't soundin right to me So I went and um, I was listening to Dre Chronic 2001 at that time. And really I just, like bit the drums off "Xxplosive" and put it like with a sped up sample, and now it's kind of like my whole style, when it started, when he rapped on "This Can't be Life."

And that was like, really the first beat of that kind that was on The Dynasty album. I could say that was the the resurgence of the soul sound You know, I got to come in and track the beat and at the time I was still with my other management. I really wanted to roll with Hip Hop cause I, I just needed some fresh air, you know what I'm sayin cause I been there for a while. I appreciated what they did for me but, you know there's a time in every man's life where he gotta make a change. Try to move up to the next level. And that day I came and I tracked the beat and I got to meet Jay-Z and he said, "Oh you a real soulful dude."

[Jay-Z: "Oh you a real soulful dude, man"]

And he, uh, played the song cause he already spit his verse by the time I got to the studio. You know how he do it, one take. And he said

[Jay-Z: "Check this out, tell me what you think of this, right here"]

"Tell me what you think of this." And I heard it, and I was thinking like, man, I really wanted more like of the simple type Jay-Z. I ain't want like the, the more introspective, complicated rhy- or the... in my personal opinion. So he asked me, "What you think of it?"

[Jay-Z: "so what you think of this?"]

And I was like, "Man that shit tight," you know what I'm sayin', man what I'ma tell him? I was on the train, man, you know. So after that I went back home. And man I'm, I'm just in Chicago, I'm trying to do my thing. You know, I got groups. I got acts I'm trying to get on, and like there wasn't nothin really like poppin' off the way it should have been. One of my homies that was one of my artists, he got signed. But it was supposed to really go through my production company, but he ended up going straight with the company. So, like I'm just straight holdin' the phone, gettin' the bad news that dude was tryin' to leave my company. And I got evicted at the same time. So I went down and tracked the beats from him, I took that money, came back, packed all my shit up in a U-Haul, maybe about ten days before I had to actually get out so I ain't have to deal with the landlord cause he's a jerk. Me and my mother drove to...

[Mother: "Come on, let's just go"]

...Newark, New Jersey. I hadn't even seen my apartment. I remember I pulled up...

[Mother: "Kanye, baby, we're here"]

...I unpacked all my shit. You know, we went to Ikea, I bought a bed, I put the bed together myself. I loaded up all my equipment, and the first beat I made was, uh, "Heart of the City." And Beans was still working on his album at that time, so I came up there to Baseline, it was Beans' birthday, matter of fact, and I played like seven beats. And, you know I guess he was in the zone, he already had the beats that he wanted, I had did "Nothing Like It" already at that time but then Jay walked in. I remember he had a Gucci bucket hat on. I remember it like, like it was yesterday. And Hiphop said, "Yo play that one beat for him." And I played "Heart of the City." And really I made "Heart of the City," I really wanted to give that beat to DMX

[Hiphop: "No I think Jay gon' like this one right here"]

And I played another beat, and I played another beat. And I remember that Gucci bucket, he took it and like put it over his face and made one of them faces like 'OOOOOOOOOOH.' Two days later I'm in Baseline and I seen Dame. Dame didn't know who I was and I was like, "Yo what's up I'm Kanye."

[Dame: "Yo, you that kid, Kanye?"]

"You that kid that gave all them beats to Jay? Yo, this nigga got classics to your beats"

[Dame: "Jay got classics, G."]

You know I ain't talkin shit. I'm like "oh shit." And all this time I'm starstruck, man. I'm still thinking 'bout, you know I'm picturing these niggas on the show, The Streets is Watching, I'm lookin, these were superstars in my eyes. And they still are, you know. So, Jay came in and he spit all these songs like in one day, and in two days... I gotta bring up one thing, you know, come back to the story, the day I did the 'Can't be Life' beat on track, I remember Lenny S, he had some Louis Vuitton sneakers on, he think he fly. And Hip Hop was there, I think Ty-Ty, John Meneilly, a bunch of people. I didn't know all these people at the time they was in the room, and I said, "yo Jay I could rap." And I spit this rap that said, uh "I'm killin y'all niggas on that lyrical shit. Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push miracle whips." And I saw his eyes light up when I said that line. But you know the rest, the rap was like real wack and shit, so that's all the response. He said "man that was tight."

[Jay-Z: "That, that was cool. That was hot."]

That was it. You know, I ain't get no deal then, hehe. Okay, fast forward. So, Blueprint, "H to the Izzo," my first hit single. And I just took that proudly, built relationships with people. My relationship with Kweli I think was one of the best ones to ever happen to my career as a rapper. Because, you know, of course later he allowed me to go on tour with him. Man, I appre-- I love him for that. And at this time, you know I didn't have a deal, I had songs, and I had relationships with all these A&R's, and they wanted beats from me, so they'd call me up, I'd play them some beats. "Gimme a beat that sound like Jay-Z." You know, they dick riders. Whatever. So I'll play them these post-Blueprint beats or whatever and then I'll play my shit. I'll be like, "yo but I rap too." Hey, I guess they was lookin' at me crazy cause you know, cause I ain't have a jersey on or whatever. Everybody out there listen here: I played them 'Jesus Walks' and they didn't sign me. You know what happened, it was some A&R's that fucked with me though, but then like the heads, it'd be somebody at the company that'll say "naw." Like, Dave Lighty fucked with me, my nigga Mel brought me to a bunch of labels. Jessica Rivera, man...

[Jessica: "Man, you niggas is stupid if y'all don't sign Kanye, for real."]

I'm not gonna say nothin to mess my promotion up

["Y'all niggas is stupid"]

Let's just say I didn't get my deal. The nigga that was behind me, I mean, he wasn't even a nigga, you know? The person who actually kicked everything off was Joe 3H from Capitol Records. He wanted to sign me really bad

[Joe: "We gonna change the game, buddy."]

Dame was like, "Yo you got a deal with Capitol? Okay man, just make sure it's not wack."

[Dame: "You gotta make sure it's not wack."]

Then one day I just went ahead and played it, I wanted to play some songs, cause you know Cam was in the room, Young Guru, and Dame was in the room. So I played... actually it's a song that you'll never hear, but maybe I might use it. So, it's called 'Wow.'

"I go to Jacob with 25 thou, you go with 25 hundred, wow
I got eleven plaques on my walls right now
You got your first gold single, damn, nigga, wow."

Like the chorus went. Don't bite that chorus, I might still use it. So I play that song for him and he's like "oh shit"

[Dame: "Oh shit it's not even wack."]

"I ain't gonna front, it's kinda hot."

[Dame: "it's actually kinda hot."]

Like they still weren't looking at me like a rapper. And I'm sure Dame figured, 'like man. If he do a whole album, if his raps is wack at least we can throw Cam on every song and save the album, you know. So uh Dame took me into the office, and he's like "yo man, B, B, you don't want a brick, you don't want a brick"

[Dame: "you don't wanna catch a brick"]

"You gotta be under an umbrella, you'll get rained on." I told Hiphop and Hiphop was all, "oh, word?" Actually, even with that I was still about to take the deal with Capitol cause it was already on the table and cause of my relationship with 3H. That, you know, cause I told him I was gonna do it, and I'm a man of my word, I was gonna roll with what I said I was gonna do. Then, you know, I'm not gonna name no names, but people told me, "oh he's just a producer rapper," and told 3H that told the heads of the Capitol, and right-- the day I'm talking about, I planned out everything I was gonna do. Man, I had picked out clothes, I already started booking studio sessions, I started arranging my album, thinking of marketing schemes, man I was ready to go. And they had Mel call me, they said, "yo... Capitol pulled on the deal"

[Mel: "Yo, Capitol pulled out on the deal."]

And, you know I told them that Roc-A-Fella was interested and I don't know if they thought that was just something I was saying to gas them up to try to push the price up or whatever. I went up... I called G, I said, "man, you think we could still get that deal with Roc-A-Fella?"

So won't you raise your glass, won't you...
So won't you raise your glass, won't you...
So won't you raise your glass, won't you...
So won't you raise your glass, won't you...



[Hook: John Legend]
Last night I dreamt of an angel
I almost passed away you're yesterday but I'm blessed today
On top of the world acts so painful
It ain't no mystery, it's meant for me to make history

[Verse: Kanye West]
Niggas thought I couldn't rhyme but I tricked 'em
My pulse quickened, I
Brought myself outta last place, I Michael Vick'd 'em
Niggas thought I let 'em down like Tyson
I got the belt like Lewis
I took these beats, I passed 'em to myself, I'm Kordell Stewart
Back on the corner, back on the block
The Quincy Jones of hip hop, it's my time like Warner
Since I shine like Shyne in '99 with his
A lot of people talkin' real outta like with this
There's a war going on a few bitches wanna start with me
Showing the New World, I'mma Order even more of me
So I can live forever like diamonds
Throw your diamonds up, cause almost dying ain't stop me from rhyming
I hate a deadbeat nigga that rely on his man
See he'll lie on his dick but won't lie on the stand
And go to every single barbershop and lie to the fans
So it's time for Kanye to put the Chi on again
I'm the 2003, Do Or D-I-E
They trying to say the best nigga is Twista, then me
It's all R.O.C., it's all family tree
I got that new G5 he got that new Hum-Vee
Incorporate Young Hov and that's The Blueprint 3
And The Blueprint 2 is 3 mil right now
So cut all that, "I don't like Bonnie & Clyde shit out
Listen

[Bridge: John Legend + Sample]
Oooh hooo
I got nowhere to
Oooh hooo
I got nowhere to
Oooh hooo
I got nowhere to

[Bridge: Kanye West]
Dawg, there's nowhere to hide
All I got is my pride
I almost died
I keep that 2Pac feeling alive
You have no idea how I'm feeling inside
It's the Roc throw your diamonds up in the sky

[Hook: John Legend]



[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro]
Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Please stop your crying

[Chorus]
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right

[Verse 1]
Stop all your blood clot cryin', I was flyin'
Made it to school with barely enough time to sign in
Yeah, I hear the alarm, yeah, I hear you, Mom
Yeah, yeah, I don't wan' be broke when I'm thirty-one
They said the best classes go to the fastest, sorry, Mr. West
There's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get
Not even electives? Not even prerequisites?
You mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds?
Now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin'
With all the rest of the motherfuckers underachievin'
Man, this is an insult
I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow
If I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Will I make it from the student loans to a Benzo?
Like old folks pissin', I guess it all depends, oh, oh
Stop your cryin', baby

[Chorus]
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right

[Verse 2]
You know when you be late you miss all the lights
That's right (that's right), that's right (that's right)
And when you get back she gon' start up a fight
That night (that night), that night
Baby, it's too late for that, lately I've been takin it slow
Try and make it to the party 'fore the guest list close
With the freshest hoes, the professors know
We about to get real unprofessional
Like them Eskimos, what would you do for a Klondike?
Or two dykes that look Christina Milian-like?
Hmm, I'll be on time for that
I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that
Yo, I'll be there in five minutes, five hours later?
"I'll be there in five minutes," go 'head, ride with it
I'm so live with it, look how I did it
Been bullshittin' but I finally arrived with it
I know it's late and I took all year but
You can stop complainin' 'cause I'm finally here, yeah



[Verse 1]
Black Tom got style, Erik can pull shit
Got a brother named Charles that be on that bullshit
I protect my neck with some magical jewels
And can't none of y'all can take 'em from me, yeah, yeah
In Cortez 'cause I feel like Fabian
My fit got a head like the dome of a stadium
You think it's all good but it's a really a gradient
Bag of Now and Laters and a Clearly Canadian, yeah
Don't turn away from me, look in my eyeholes
My brother got heart but he running with psychos
He always got a gang with him, hella disciples
They always tryna fight though but I stay cool
I can't lose no argument, I got my jewels
I keep my head down, pushing like I'm walking to school, yeah
I hold em tight like Infinity Gems
Police men looking at me like I'm finna be him, no
My daddy is a hard man, my mother’s a ghost
I keep my head covered or my brother will roast
And y'all fucking with my head with thoughts tougher than jokes
I ran hard, my footprints covered the coast
I be running through walls cause I'm buffer than most
A Nightcrawler tried to creep, I smell sucker's approach
He see I'm all charged, he get what he provoked
The homie Tom got powers so I'm tugging his cloak yeah

[Chorus]
I'm big as hell, I can't fit in my fit, my sleeves ripped
I'm a king so my ring is legit
I bring shit to your front door, ringing your bell
My eyes glow in my hood like a demon from hell
My old self locked away, no key to the cell
They shooting spells at my head, it's up to me to repel (yeah)
(one two, one two)
Ain't nothing gonna stop me now
Ain't nothing gonna stop me now (now now now now now now)
Ain't nothing gonna stop me

[Verse 2]
My big dumb brain’s an electrical ocean
Started walking, now my legs in perpetual motion
Can't stop, can't stop, but I'm not just boasting
I had to 'cause home’s overcome by roaches, yeah
I got swole 'cause I wanted revenge
My brother Charles got hurt when we was playing pretend
Started walking right then, just me and the wind
That asshole better hope I never see him again, yeah

[Chorus]
I'm big as hell, I can't fit in my fit, my sleeves ripped
I'm a king so my ring is legit
I bring shit to your front door, ringing your bell
My eyes glow in my hood like a demon from hell
My old self locked away, no key to the cell
They shooting spells at my head, it's up to me to repel (yeah)
Ain't nothing gonna stop me now
Ain't nothing gonna stop me now
Ain't nothing gonna stop me

[Verse 3]
Black Tom got style, Erik can pull shit
Got a brother named Charles that be on that bullshit
I protect my neck with some magical jewels
And can't none of y'all can take 'em from me, yeah
Can't none of y'all can take 'em from me, yeah
Can't none of y'all can take 'em from me, yeah
Can't none of y'all can take 'em from me, yeah
Can't none of y'all can take 'em from me, yeah, yeah



[Hook: Kelly Rowland]
Boy, you got that six in the morning
You got that thing that'll make a girl feel high
Oh, I say boy, you got me lonely
Just say the words, I'll do anything you want
Boy, let me love you

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Uh, I know that you think I'm the one, but who doesn't?
It comes with the territory when you buzzin'
A ball player sold you a dream, ain't do nothing
A couple rappers under your belt, but who's judging?
I ain't trying to guide you, hand on Bible
But Instagram pics show more than side views
Thirty-dollar nude catsuits is not cute
And fifty comments on ass is not fluke
So, no cuffing, no buns in the oven
If my girl call your phone, she's just bluffin'
As long as you and I both know we just fuckin'
If anybody else do ask, we just nothing

[Hook: Kelly Rowland]
Boy, you got that six in the morning
You got that thing that'll make a girl feel high
Oh, I say boy, you got me lonely
Just say the words, I'll do anything you want
Boy, let me love you

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Hey mama, come fuck with the shotta
With the Givenchy toppa, shoe Balenciaga
If you act right, I can match you up proper
If it's about a dollar thing, big like Poppa
Introduce your exes to my choppa
Don't listen to your best friend, she don't matter
You know she wanna be you in that vehicle
Riding in see-through V1, V2
Chanel or Celine, however I see you
Christians or Chloe, damn, them C's too
You know I play fair, I'm Daddy Day Care
I know it ain't cheap for you to lay here

[Hook: Kelly Rowland]
Boy, you got that six in the morning
You got that thing that'll make a girl feel high
Oh, I say boy, you got me lonely
Just say the words, I'll do anything you want
Boy, let me love you

[Verse 3: Pusha T]
Let's get past the nonsense and be honest
All the ones I sponsored clear my conscience
Can't commit the crime without accomplice
We both to blame, let's push the shame behind us
On the DL, pushin' my brother’s CL
Meet you at the spot, you had tint on the TL
It’s only right you shake them phony types
And embrace the kid, like my bracelets did
Uh, I’m from the era where the money come fast
Blow it all 'cause the money don’t last
All them broke niggas lookin' puppy-dog sad
She in that new purse, sayin', "Honey, don’t ask"

[Hook: Kelly Rowland]
Boy, you got that six in the morning
You got that thing that'll make a girl feel high
Oh, I say boy, you got me lonely
Just say the words, I'll do anything you want
Boy, let me love you



[Verse 1: André 3000]
There's a— there's a— there's a— there's a fine line
It's too late to pray that I'm on it, yeah, yeah, yeah (yo, yo, uh-huh)
There's a fine line between love and hate, you see
Came way too late but, baby, I'm on it
There's a fine line between love and hate, you see
Came way too late but, baby, I'm on it
Can't worry 'bout what a nigga think, now see
That's liberation and, baby, I want it
Can't worry 'bout what another nigga think
Now that's liberation and, baby, I want it

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Lemme hear it, lemme hear it, lemme though, lemme hear it
How many times I sit back and contemplate?
I'm fresh off the dank but I'm tellin' my story
My relationship with my folks is give-and-take
And I done took so much, now give me my glory
To have a choice to be who you wants to be
It's left up-a to me and my momma n'em told me (yes, she did)
I say, to have a choice to be who you wants to be
It's left up-a to me and my momma n'em told me

[Verse 3: Cee-Lo]
No, no, no (ah)
I'm so tired, it's been so long struggling hopelessly
Seven and forty days (hey)
Oh, I sacrifice every breath I breathe
To make you believe I'd give my life away
Oh, Lord, I'm so tired, I'm so tired (tired)
My feet feel like I walked most of the road on my own (own)
All on my own (yeah)
We alive but we ain't livin', that's why I'm givin' until it's gone
'Cause I don't wanna be alone (I don't wanna be alone)
I don't wanna be alone (yeah) (no, no, no)
If there's anything I can say to help you find your way
Touch your soul, make it whole, the same for you and I
There's not a minute that goes by that I don't believe we could fly
But I can feel it in the wind, beginning or the end
But people, keep your head to the sky

[Verse 4: Erykah Badu]
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Folk in your face, you're a superstar
Niggas hang around cause of who you are
You get a lot of love cause of what you got
Say they happy for you but they really not
Sell a lot of records and you roll a Benz
Swoll up in the spot, now you losing friends
All you wanna do is give the world your heart
Record label tried to make you compromise your art
You make a million dollars, make a million mo'
First class broad treat you like a nigga po'
You wanna say "Wait!" but you're scared to ask
As your world starts spinning and it's moving fast
Tryin' to stay sane is the price of fame
Spending your life trying to numb the pain
You shake that load off and sing your song
Liberate the minds, then you go on home

[Verse 5: Big Rube]
I must admit, they planted a lot of things
In the brains and the veins of my strain
Makes it hard to refrain, from the host of cocaine
From them whores, from the flame
From a post in the game
Makes it hard to maintain focus
They're from the Glock rounds, and lockdowns, and burials
The seeds that sow, get devoured by the same locusts
Cause it's a hard row to ho
If your ass don't move, and the rain don't fall
And the ground just dry
But the roots are strong, so some survive
So you're surprised, now I'm bustin cries
You got more juice than Zeus
Slangin lightnin tryin to frighten
Plains dwellers, of the Serengeti
But get beheaded when you falsely dreaded
Melanin silicon and collagen injected
Dissectin my pride, fool I don't wanna get it started
We be the lionhearted, without infanticide
It's like that red sprite, you can't imagine it
Unless you lookin at the canvas of life
And not through the peephole of mortality
Single minded mentality
Gettin over on loopholes
Gettin paid two-fold on technicalities
Clickin your heels, scared to voice how you feel
Packing steel
Pickin cotton from the killing fields with no toe, though
I don't think we in Kansas no mo' though
Midwest or Dirty South
Clean dressed or dirty mouth
Whether robbin preachers or killin Poor Righteous Teachers
You a scared demon
Shouldn't be allowed to spread semen
And you cowardly lions never defyin the jackals of Babel
Runnin with they pack, tail between your legs
Though the mane on your head say the story
As you downplay your glory
Cacklin, helpin the shacklin of your brethren happening
Just by rappin'
Libertad



[Verse 1: Saba]
I got angels runnin' 'way, I got demons huntin' me
I know 'Pac was 25, I know Jesus 33
I tell Death to keep a distance, I think he obsessed with me
I say, "God, that's a woman," I know she would die for me
They want a barcode on my wrist (barcode on my wrist)
To auction off the kids
That don't fit their description of a utopia (black)
Like a problem won't exist if I just don't exist
If I grew up without a single pot to piss in
Pardon me for ventin'
Congress got the nerve to call theyself religious
Rich just gettin' richer, we just tryna live our life

[Chorus: Saba]
Momma mixed the vodka with the Sprite
They killed my cousin with a pocket knife
While my uncle on the phone
He was gone for more than half my life
He got out a year and then he died
I was honor roll, talking to my father on the phone
Left the city when I was just four
None of them will get along
Momma beggin' him for winter coats
I was chillin' with my nigga Spook now they tryna take his—

[Post-Chorus: Saba]
Life don't mean shit to a nigga that ain't never had shit, yeah
Light don't mean lit in the dark, fight don't mean fists, ooh
Eyes don't see, eyes don't see, ice don't freeze
Light don't leave, I don't mean lie to me

[Bridge: Saba]
Tell me it'll be okay, tell me happier days
Tell me that she my bae, that I won't be alone
Tell 'em I'll be okay when he ask, "How's my day?"
Tell 'em that we the same, tell em' that we not safe

[Verse 2: Saba]
I got my grandaddy soul, I'm at war, that's on my mind
I seen Walter body cold, wish I could switch it with mine
I'm not worried 'bout no rap shit, distractions or waste-of-times
I still go to social functions even though I'm so anti—
No, I'm no Rihanna, the court gonna throw it like Donovan
Down a bit, I just been modelin' my whole career
As if 'Pac was here, studio monitors shakin'
I raise the apartments, I'm Bono with profit
I made what I made in allotted
Amount of time the same amount of time you was watchin'
So stop comparing me to people, no, I am not them
A lot of people dream until they shit'll get—*gunshot*

[Chorus: Saba]
That's life, momma mixed the vodka with the Sprite
They killed my cousin with a pocket knife
While my uncle on the phone
He was gone for more than half my life
He got out a year and then he died
I was honor roll, talking to my father on the phone
Left the city when I was just four
None of them will get along
Momma beggin' him for winter coats
I was chillin' with my nigga Spook now they tryna take his life



[Chorus]
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

[Verse 1]
As I bail through the empty halls, breath stinkin' in my jaws
Ring, ring, ring — quiet, y'all, incomin' call
Plus this my homie from high school, he gettin' by
It's time to bury another brother, nobody cry
Life as a baller: alcohol and booty calls
We used to do 'em as adolescents, do you recall?
Raised as G's, loc'ed out, and blazed the weed
Get on the roof, let's get smoked out, and blaze with me
Two in the morning and we still high, assed out
Screamin', "Thug 'til I die!" before I passed out
But now that you're gone, I'm in the zone
Thinkin' I don't wanna die all alone, but now you gone
And all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death, I'm drinkin' Hennessy
While tryin' to make it last
I drank a fifth for that ass when you passed, 'cause life goes on

[Chorus]
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

[Verse 2]
Yeah nigga, I got the word it's hell
You blew trial and the judge gave you 25 with an L
Time to prepare to do fed time, won't see parole
Imagine life as a convict that's gettin' old
Plus with the drama, we're lookin' out for your baby's mama
Takin' risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from gettin' on her
Life in the hood is all good for nobody
Remember gamin' on dumb hotties at yo' party
Me and you, no truer two, while schemin' on hits
And gettin' tricks that maybe we can slide into
But now you buried — rest, nigga, 'cause I ain't worried
Eyes blurry, sayin' goodbye at the cemetery
Though memories fade
I got your name tatted on my arm
So we both ball 'til my dyin' days
Before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental, rest in peace! Thug 'til I die!

[Chorus]
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

[Verse 3]
Bury me smilin' with G's in my pocket
Have a party at my funeral, let every rapper rock it
Let the hoes that I used to know
From way befo' kiss me from my head to my toe
Give me a paper and a pen, so I can write about my life of sin
A couple bottles of gin, in case I don't get in
Tell all my people I'm a Ridah
Nobody cries when we die, we Outlawz, let me ride
Until I get free
I live my life in the fast lane, got police chasin' me
To my niggas from old blocks, from old crews
Niggas that guided me through back in the old school
Pour out some liquor, have a toast for the homies
See, we both gotta die, but you chose to go before me
And brothers miss you while you gone
You left your nigga on his own; how long we mourn? Life goes on

[Chorus]
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

[Outro]
Life goes on, homie
Gone on, 'cause they passed away
Niggas doin' life
Niggas doin' 50 and 60 years and shit
I feel you, nigga, trust me, I feel you
You know what I mean?
Last year we poured out liquor for ya
This year, nigga, life goes on, we're gonna clock now
Get money, evade bitches, evade tricks
Give playa haters plenty of space
And basically just represent for you, baby
Next time you see your niggas, we gon' be on top, nigga
You gon' be like, "Goddamn, them niggas came up!"
That's right, baby, life goes on
And we up out this bitch
Hey, Kato! Mental!
Y'all niggas make sure it's poppin'
When we get up there, man, don't front
Life goes on
Hold me no more, hold me no more
Yes it do, yes it do, yes it do



[Chorus: Amnesty]
Hard to see, ooh
The hang ups we have today
Said we need to strive for more liberty
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Hard to see, ooh
The hang ups we have today
Said we need to strive for more liberty
Lift yourself up on your feet
Lift yourself up on your feet
Lift

[Break: Dezz]

[Chorus: Amnesty]
Lift your- lift your-, lift yourself
Lift-lift your-, lift your-, lift your-, lift your-, lift-lift

[Interlude: Kanye West & Amnesty]
Hard to see, ooh
The hang ups we have today-ay-ay
But they don't really realize, though
Said we need to strive for more liberty
This next verse, this next verse though
Lift yourself up on your feet
These bars
Lift yourself up on your feet
Watch this, go

[Verse: Kanye West]
Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop



[Verse: Kanye West]
I walk through the halls of the school and it’s cool to be known by many for my rapping ability
But what about the brothers who ain’t got it like me
Making money off the trade
You could say I had it made
Drugs are on the rise
And it’s not a big surprise
You see no soul in a young brother’s eyes
Trying to be hard by the streets, but the streets kinda hard
But here's another factor we wanna disregard
Black-on-black is a stab in my back
It really hurts my soul when I hear about that



[Verse 1: Ameer Vann]
I grew up all alone, my mom and dad fighting
I moved around a lot, I did a lot of fighting
I met my friend Ian, I seen a lot of cyphers
I did a lot of writing

[Verse 2: Dom McLennon & Kevin Abstract]
Watch my uncles duck indictments
I'm used to ramen noodles, victims of mental illness
Products of neighborhoods with broken souls and wounded spirits
Don't judge me by appearance (I moved to California)
Started getting paid (nigga, you broke) shit's already boring

[Verse 3: Merlyn Wood]
Dashin' to the money like a hyphen
Fuck a pipe dream man, had this shit when I was in my diapers
Burnin' through my diapers, hot shit
It was hot shit, back when niggas looking for the Loch Ness

[Verse 4: Matt Champion & Dom McLennon]
Stuck 'round dip spittin' assholes, make they mamas bashful
Got holes in my pockets so my shoes full of cash though
Cigar, Fidel Castro, car full of Castrol
See the sunset when I backstroke, can't swim but I could act though

[Outro: Kevin Abstract]
I was playing rock paper scissors with imaginary friends
Imagine having no friends, ay
I was playing rock paper scissors with imaginary friends, ay
Imagine having no friends man
I was playing rock paper scissors with imaginary friends
Imagine having no friends man... ay
Imagine having no friends man



Intro: Talib Kweli:

ALRIGHT

In case y'all don't know, he did H to the Izzo, he did Takeover, he did Guess Who's Back, he did my joint, Good to You, he did [?], give it up for my nigga Kanye West, you know what I'm saying?

Now Kanye, y'all also don't know my man got skills, he's a rapper, he's [?] projects, so can my man bust a verse?

What's up Kanye what's up?

Verse 1: Kanye West

Woooooo

Mic check, mic check

Golly, more of that bullshit ice rap
I got to 'pologize to Mos and Kweli (probably)
But is it cool to rap about gold
If I told the world I copped it from Ghana and Mali? (Mali!)
First nigga with a Benz and a backpack
Ice chain, Carti lens, and a knapsack
Always said if I rapped I'd say somethin' significant
But now I'm rappin' 'bout money, hoes, and rims again
And it's still about the Benjamins
Big faced hundreds and whatever other synonyms
Strippers named Cinnamon
More chips than Pentium
What'cha gon' buy next? Whatever new trend it is
I'm tryin' to spend my stacks
And I'm so broke I look back like "Damn, was I on crack?"
I mean two platinum chains, was I on that?
What the hell was wrong with me dog?
Sing along with me y'all

Hook:  Kanye West / Talib Kweli

Talib Kweli:

New York City here! New York City here!

Kanye West:

Its like, guess who's bizzack, back on the track with the blow
Kanye to-the, representing his gold
I guess who's come back, better than I suppose
Heard those beats, shit it's all I know
Guess who's bizzack, [?]
The Roc' is definitely in the building
Back on the track, yeah, yeah, yeah

Verse 2: Talib Kweli

It's time to change up, my lyrics rip ya frame up
Askin' if I'm nice like fuckin' with a chick
Who don't give head - that's a no-brainer
Niggas back bangers you don't even know the names of
I'mma bout to meet my quota, you about to meet ya Saviour
You wack nigga, you about to get shot
Fuck with Talib Kweli, that's how you get got!
Not that I'm wildin' or even promote violence
It's just you're fuckin' up my high, can a nigga smoke in silence?!
Damn, New York City in the house!
Talib Kweli gotta tell you what it's about
Because my man Kanye from the Chi' will say hi
Wave your hands from side to side
Mos Def, Kweli, [?]
[?]
I got my man, he represent the [?] projects
[?]

Verse 3: Mos Def

I say guess who's bizzack, Kweli, Kanye, and Mos
Punk niggas getting way too close
[?] Broadway doing them all day
Niggas [?] but don't take it the wrong way
[?]
Doing Iving Plaza, causing disaster
You bring the time but we bring the prescription
Pick up your ears so you all could listen
[?]

Outro: Kanye West

Killing y'all niggas on this lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push miracle whips



[Intro]
Yo, this sound like some movie shit, right?
Get your popcorn, get your condiments
You don't wanna miss nothing, okay, listen

[Verse 1]
They call me Edward Scissorhands 'cause I'm trying to cut
She claim she got cramps, I'm gon' get you to suck
And you not gon' use your teeth, you hear?
You gon' find out What Lies Beneath right here
The Preacher's Wife don't give head, get a divorce, man
The Kids been calling you the headless horseman
Like Sleepy Hollow, see she swallow
Suck like ol' girl, got booed at Apollo 13, Ghosts
Use my Hollow Man for Friday 13th
You be Ghost, Backdraft from the toast
Niggas who drop names is oh so shameless
Get a chain that's stainless, they Almost Famous
My bling got 'em calling me Lord of the Rings
The Shining make it hard for her to Do The Right Thing
But I Don't Say a Word, I'll never tell
Until you get a Kanye beat, you'll never sell

[Refrain]
And I'm living a movie, not living by rules
It's just a movie, don't lose your cool
One, two, Ye coming for you
Three, four, better lock your door
Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, never sleep again

[Verse 2]
Shit's deeper than the Sleepers
The Jeeper Creep up on your block and cops Clock-us
Try to Baller Block-us, use Absolute Power
You gave him 9½ Weeks, why you trying to Rush Hours, huh?
And in The Cell don't drop soap in the showers, huh
They try to give me Life, I'm out in an hour, huh
Back on the block with more Juice than Pac
Making mo' money 'cause of The-The-The-The Roc

[Refrain]
And I'm living a movie, not living by rules
Yo, what you talking about, man?
One, two, Ye coming for you
Three, four, better lock your door
Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, never sleep again

[Outro]
I said some shit like, umm
If you in my things, you Suicide Kings
There's only Three Kings, Me, Myself and Irene
You know what I'm saying?



[Intro: Saba]
Right away, ay

[Chorus: Saba]
If you press logout, you get forgotten
What's a post but a reminder just how boring our lives a-a-a-are?
Look at how much fun I'm havin'
Ain't no beauty in the absence of broadcastin to your fol-ol-lowers
I seen a celeb get naked
I seen obsessive behavior, I see famous people all-all o-ver
I don't want no autograph
I just want a follow back, maybe tag to ya' fol-ol-lowers

[Verse 1: Saba]
Playback, say that
That just the way that the game go
After the rain it's a rainbow
I see a product you pay for
Shit get forgotten a day old
If I cannot log on, they starting a rumor
That I had got shot like a day ago
I don’t walk without my headphones
I don't got cable in my crib
I don't even know how we got here
Bein' dependent is my fear
Government look like the mafia
Censorin' out what you watchin'
Internet turned me inanimate object
Solitaire more than a game with your card
Can't change the channel, it'll stay in our heart
Stay in the public and pray to your God
Need validation, I'm too insecure
Characters defined one hundred and forty
Two hundred and eighty, a post to your story
I'm from the 2-90, two sides to each story
Yeah, I'll be your friend, but you cannot follow me

[Chorus: Saba]
If you press logout, you get forgotten
What's a post but a reminder just how boring our lives a-a-a-are?
Look at how much fun I'm havin'
Ain't no beauty in the absence of broadcastin to your fol-ol-lower
I seen a celeb get naked
I seen obsessive behaviour, I see famous people all-all o-ver
I don't want no autograph
I just want a follow back, maybe tag to ya' fol-ol-lowers

[Bridge: Saba]
Everybody insecure, especially people with everything
Why else you think they got everything?
How else you think they got ev—, ooh
Everybody insecure, especially people with everything
Why else you think they got everything?
How else you think I got every—, look

[Verse 2: Chance The Rapper]
Everything's on camera, everything's on camera
Everybody want handouts, everybody got pamphlets
Everybody want Santa, everything is on camera
Everybody want pics now, everybody got antlers
Everybody my kid now, everybody got pampers
Everything is on me now, everybody got cameras
Ain't nobody got Chancellor, ain't nobody got answers
All them scratchin' they head now, ain't nobody got dandruff
Don't nobody like selfies on they own page
I know people with they friend requests as they homepage
Ain't put a picture on they wall since the Stone Age
Feel locked up in they own cage when they on stage

[Outro: Saba]
If you press logout, you get forgotten
What's a post but a reminder just how boring our lives a-a-a-are?



[Intro: Lil Wayne]
No homo
I say, he's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper
Remix, baby!

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Lollipop, lollipop, breastses just like Dolly Parton
She ride my spaceship 'til she hit the top
That hit the spot, 'til she ask
"How many li-i-li-i-licks do it take 'til she get to shop?"
Don't worry why my wrists got so freeze
Tell her, "Girl, like Doritos, that's not yo cheese"
Tell her friends, "Like Fritos, I'm tryin' to lay"
I can't only have one and I ain't tryin' to wait
This a song with Wayne, so you know it's gonna melt
But you ain't finna murder me like everybody else
I'ma rap like I got some type of respect for myself
I don't do it for my health, man, I do it for the belt
Man, I do it to the death, 'til the roof get melt
Hundred degrees, drop the roof, so the coupe don't melt
Man, the flow so cold chicken soup won't help
We need fo' mo' hoes, we need oh-oh-oh-oh!
You know what it is when we're outta town
We ball in two-seats, and you out of bounds
So come here, baby girl
You're now fuckin' with the best in the world
Lollipop, the best in the world

[Hook: Static Major]
She lick me like a lollipop
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Shawty say she wanna lick the wrapper
And she gonna lick the rapper
And I just wanna act like a porno-flickin' actor
I Anita Bake her, now she caught up in the Rapture
I got so much chips I swear they call me Hewlett Packard
I got so much chips you can have a bag if you're a snacker
Greedy motha-fudge cake, now tell me how that fudge tastes
I do it for Bloods' sake, soo-woo, think it's voodoo
How that roof do di-di-dissipate, your girl wants to participate
She so so sophisticate, 'cause her brain is off the chain
And then my diamonds are in the choir
Because they sing from off my chain
And my Nina just joined the gang, because all she do is bang
Like Ricky Martin, Wayne and Kanye: pick your poison
If that woman wanna cut, then tell her I am Mr. Ointment
Tell her to make an appointment
With Mr. I-Can't-Make-An-Appointment
Take my lollipop and enjoy it

[Hook: Static Major]
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Why would she? She probably be the odd cookie
In the plastic bag 'bout to get crushed by a building
I flushed out the feelin' of me bein' the shit
'Cause I was leavin' skid marks on everywhere I sit
I am everywhere, I'm it, like Hide-n-Go
And I can go anywhere: innie, minnie, miney, mo
I'm in your neighborhood, area, CD thing, tape deck
IPod, your girlfriend, and she say I got great sex
Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex
'Cause you don't want that late text, that "I think I'm late" text
So wrap it up!
But he's so sweet she wanna lick the wrapper

[Hook: Static Major]
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps



[Intro]
How y'all feeling tonight?
Thank y'all for coming out to this impromptu-type performance I just set up
I love the energy in this city
This is one of my hometowns, y'all know I stayed out here, right?
But I came here for the creativity more than anything,
Because creativity fuels everything
I hate business people
People get on the phone with me and talk to me
Like "What kind of business can he do though?
What type of businnes are you doing? What's the numbers?
How much did you sell? What's the radio spins?
How much shampoo can you sell with your face on it and shit?"
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Can you remind me again why we in this shit?
Make it even more mellow, make it just the chords

[Verse 1]
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit?
I know it's for more than just to get rich.
Since when was making music about getting rich?
Since when was making art about getting rich?
I know it's easy for me to say
Because having money's not everything and not having it is
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why the Grammy's could suck my dick?
Remind me who's the original superfly
And I got love for Hov but I ain't fucking with that Suit and Tie
Remind me again, remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again, remind me again why we in this shit?
Every nigga tryna get rich,
Every rapper tryna get rich,
And every rapper always rap about fucking somebody else bitch
Remind me again why we in this shit?
Remind me again why we in this shit?
And why the Grammys can suck my dick
Suck my dick

[Verse 2]
And every motherfucking sponsor
They tryna put they logos all over the concerts and shit
For a meet and greet
And you gotta meet the execs and they daughters
And they'll show what they just bought her
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit
They say "Ayo, you coming on too strong in this bitch"
They always talking about what I'm doing wrong in this shit
Well I can give a fuck everything
I can give a fucking anything
Remind me why we in this shit
I lost my motherfucking momma
So I can give a fuck about your comments
I promise, I promise
Cause we all gonna die one day
But I'mma live my life my way!
Remind me why we in this shit, please

[Verse 3]
Please, can I sell your drink for you, please
"So, you can help me put on a better show please, corporations?
Can you please support me? Please?
Me, Kanye West. I swear I’m a nice nigga now
I swear I’ll put the pink polo back on,
I swear to you. Please. Just for 3 million
I need it so bad. I need a pool in my backyard!
So I’ll tell all my fans your shit is cool
And if they believe in me, then they should also believe in you
"‘Did we get the check yet? Hold on, I gotta call the business manager
Did the corporations send the check?
What is my public rating? Are people liking me again?
Enough to get some money from the corporations?
Are they liking me, is it ok now?
They forgot about the whole Beyoncé thing, right?
Ok, Cool.
Is it ok now?"

[Verse 4]
Remind me why we in this shit
Remind me why we in this shit
Cause we ain't on no pile of shit
Nigga I'mma make my music from my heart
And I live and I die by everything that I say
And everything that I do
And everything that make is what I believe to be true
And if the shit don't make sense and sound like nonsense
I don't give a fuck because that was my stream of conscious
And that's the way I felt at that time
And feelings was the only facts
And racism and materialism is killing blacks
And one more thing if I can ask
One more thing if I can add

[Verse 5]
Cause in this life, our life just moves to fast
And time is somethng tht you can never get back
What's your quality of life?
What's your quality of life?
And that's why I mean it when I say I hope you have a good time tonight
I hope you have a good time tonight
London, it's Louise Wilson's birthday tonight

[Bridge]
An inspiration, not lead instruments
I'm the lead instrument, but he's background
Happy birthday to Louise who taught Alexander McQueen
My friend Louis Gold, Christopher King, Stella McCartney
And Kanye West, even though she doesn't want me to put that on my resume

[Outro]
But it's still sometimes like there's no good ideas
And no real ideas and nothing sincere left
And everything has been so homogenized
And it's all big business and it's no creativity
But really we have the ability to have a human Utopia
If we just helped each other
If we just use our resources
And stop tryna compete against each other
And tryna beat each other
And eat each other
And maybe came together and tried to teach each other
And reach each other
And reach each other
Maybe try to come together and love each other
And love each other
And love one another
Maybe try to come together and love each other
And love each other
And love each other
And love another
And love each other
And love each other
And love each other
And love another
The way you love you love your mother man
The way you should love your father man
Y'all don't really understand
Cause this is our shit
And is this our motherfucking clique
Clique, clique clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking clique
Clique, clique, clique
I said ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking clique
Clique, clique, clique
I said ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking clique



[Intro: Dr. TC]
So, what's going on, Wolf? Talk to me, man. People worry, we hear stories about you getting into fights and all this unnecessary bullshit. What's on your mind? Talk to me, I'm here

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
Domo roll another one
I'm just fuckin' with you I ain't smokin' none
My squad bring terror, no intended pun (gang, nigga)
Merch booth made niggas extensive funds
Momma got the Rover with the Range
She don't ever ever gotta struggle, not again
And I put that on my dead grandmama's name (rest in peace)
Too soon

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
My nigga Slater, yeah that's my little pony
Little homies is repping like I been fucking with Kony
Nigga Phillip and Kobi, to my niggas that know me
Ya boy seem happy as fuck but truthfully ya boy lonely
Nigga's a target for marketing, he's an artist
Can't even walk into Target without botherin customers botherin
Asking me for a picture, can I talk to they sister?
Naw nigga, get lost, you're fucking smothering
God I wanna quit, but I can't
'Cause mother and sister can't pay the rent
Four stories with storage, I'm 21 with a mortgage
And touring's paying the bills, life is paying for thrills
Lifes' a bitch bruh but from the third floor man, she's gorgeous
A year ago I was broke, now how can I afford this?
I started off with disposables, now I have an assortment
And I'm using these negatives to develop a portrait
Now the frame is a pain in the ass to get it in
Without a scratch or stain on the glass, but that's not important
Just as long as it's printed, and I hinted it is
And when I get it I'll make sure you get a copy, bitch
Shit I'll even add a signature with the fuckin' pic-ature
I'll even tell you the film I used, and the aperture

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
Domo roll another one
I'm just fuckin' with you I ain't smokin' none
My squad bring terror, no intended pun (gang, nigga)
Merch booth made niggas extensive funds
Momma got the Rover with the Range
She don't ever ever gotta struggle, not again
And I put that on my dead grandmama's name... Too soon


[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Grandmother died, didn't cry not a tear
Not gonna lie, fucking weird no water dripped out the eye
But when I got the news, yup it left your boy stuck
'Cause when my mom dipped, she was the one that gave me a fuck
Mom calling and calling, I'm on my way to a show
I answer, she crying, saying Sadie is dying
The doc said she only had a week for us to speak
Before she deceased, cause cancer was just eating her cheeks up
Fuck, nah this is really awkward for me, bruh
I hang the phone up, and adjust my seat back
And started to think, like, "What the fuck just happened?"
I never had a death and I just seen her a week ago
Meet them at the hospital I should
In between the set of BADBADNOTGOOD
Lionel asked what happened I said it's bad bad, not good
Just take me to the Cedars-Sinai off of Oakwood
Getting there, family sitting center chair
Awkward in the lobby, it was floating in the thinning air
Getting there, need a sticker saying how I got in there, there's a room
Open up the curtain, she's just sitting there, hello
Our conversation's brief, couldn't even make eye contact when we speak
Lookin' at her you could tell all she had was weak
And I'm not talkin' days bruh, I'm talkin' 'bout her strength
I sat there 20 minutes tops, hoping it was just a fucking plea that she could cop
She died that night

[Outro]
Dr. TC: Oh, that's heavy man, I'm sorry for your loss
Tyler: Yeah, whatever, don't worry about it...
Dr. TC: Last time I seen Sammy, he was lookin' for you
Tyler: Fuck that nigga Samuel
Dr. TC: Uhh, have you seen him?
Tyler: Nah, but if I seen that nigga I woulda killed him



[Intro: Puff Daddy & Notorious B.I.G]
Mmmmmmmmm-HMM
See.. [echoes]
I told you.. [echoes]

See, I told y'all muh'fuckers
Yo yo.. that stupid nigga man
I told y'all to stop!
He fucked up, yo..
I pray for you to stop
Yo, yo yo yo, yo.. yo.. yo..
Yo, yo yo yo, yo..
But no, you didn't stop
Yo.. yo..
And now, we won't stop

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I make your mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release you lose teeth like Lil' Cease
Nigga please, blood floods your dungarees
And that's just the half of my warpath
Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater
Than the average playa hater and spectators
Buy my CD twice, they see me in the streets
They be like, "Yo he nice, but that's on the low though"
Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show
I pull out .44s and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggas, snort 'caine niggas
Extortion came quicker, bought the Range nigga
Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be
'Til Lil' Cease crippled me
Now I play hard like my girl's nipples be
The game sour like a pickle be, y'all know the rules
Move from BK to New Jeruz
Thinkin' 'bout all the planes we flew, bitches we ran through
Now the year's new, I lay my game flat
I want my spot back, take two
Motherfuckers mad 'cause I blew, niggas envious
Too many niggas on my dick, shit's strenuous
When my men bust, you just move with such stamina
Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at cha (we ain't mad at cha)
Blood rushin', concussions ain't nothin'
Catch cases, come out fronting, smokin' something
Sippin' White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin'
I laced it with the basic, six TVs a system
Knockin' Ma$e shit, face it, we hard to hit
Guard ya shit, 'fore I stick you for your re-up
Wipe the pee up, lick shots, woke your seed up
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, long kiss

[Interlude: Puff Daddy]
Hell, we don’t give a fuck
We just absolutely don’t give a fuck
Because there ain’t no love here
There ain’t no love here
You know, we gon' keep doin' what we do
We gon' keep fuckin' you up
I'ma keep stomping your motherfucking head in
You fucking bitch

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh.. I'm flamin' gats, aimin' at
These fuckin' maniacs, put my name in raps
What part the game is that? Like they hustle backwards
I smoke Backwoods and Dutchies, you can't touch me
Try to rush me, slugs go, touchy-touchy
You're bleedin' lovely, with yo' spirit above me
Or beneath me, your whole life you live sneaky
Now you rest eternally sleepy, you burn when you creep me
Rest where the worms and the weak be
My nine flies, baptize rap guys
With the Holy Ghost, I put holes in most
You hold your toast shaky, slippin' tryna break me
Look what you made me do, brains blew
My team in the marine-blue Six Coupé
Skied it out, weeded out, cleanin' out
The block for distances, givin' long kisses, bitch

[Interlude: Puff Daddy]
Only I can do now, I say a prayer for you
You know, that’s the only thing I can do, just pray for your mind
Because, see your mind is in control of your heart
Where it's supposed to be the other way around
Your heart has got to control your mind
So now, I have no feelings for you
You have made me cruel

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Frank White the menacin', Chron Chron's the medicine
I got the lettuce and you turn green like cucumber skin
Got the new Hummer in the summer when
I was a newcomer then, drugs and MAC-10s
Hugs from fake friends, make ends they hate you
Be broke, girls won't date you
That's why I relate to, choke your ass out 'til your face blue
Make you, open the safe too
No matter how you call it (how you call it), this brolic alcoholic
Like his weed greened out, like his brick solid
Distribute to kids who take heart like Valentine
Drink Ballantine all the time
Slugs hit your chest, tap your spine, flatline
Heard through the grapevine, you got fucked four times
Damn that three to nine, fucked you up for real though
Sling steel slow, as for remorse, we feel no

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Outro: Puff Daddy]
See the fucked up thing is that I love you
You know what I’m saying
It’s just in my nature to love you
I can’t hate you
‘Cause its not in my nature to hate you
You know, I don’t know
Maybe I’m a different type of individual
But you have me on a line
And there’s a thin line between love and hate
And God-forbid I cross that line
Cause I’m not gon’ give a fuck
I’m telling you right motherfucking now
The shit that ya’ll done started
Is never gonna stop!
We are never gonna stop!
And we’re not talking about no other rappers
We’re talking about you, motherfucker!
You know who I’m talking to
We comin' for you
We comin' for you
Laughs
Feels so good
I'ma make you love me baby, baby



[Interview: DJ Whoo Kid & Cam'ron]
"Amazing how back then fame was more important than the business, like—"
"Yeah, you know, that's what I was explaining to somebody, I said I didn't mind getting jerked, because I was like, I just want my record on the radio, I just wanna shoot videos"
"And get it poppin'"
"I just wanna get poppin', look I don't care, take my publishing, I don't know what that is anyway
[*Laughing*] 
You know what I'm saying?  Like just take my shit so I can have a video and songs on the radio, I'll figure it out later."
"That's crazy man."
"And then the next album, I'll start and I'm like damn these checks ain't like the checks I'm used to niggas seeing. I'm not being able to get 4 or 5 cars or jewelry or things I wanted to get, so I'm like let me figure out what's the loophole in this shit. Why I'm not winning?"
"But isn't it crazy that it makes you question what kinda friends you had back then, because they weren't telling you how the business was running and they were just—"
"See, that goes to show, maybe they wasn't never really my friends."



[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro: Mos Def & Swizz Beatz]
Yeah, yeah, there it go, there it us
This, is something special (uh-huh, yeah)
This, is something new (it's an amazing time)
This, is something special (look around)
This, is something new (the power of observation)

[Verse 1: Mos Def]
Marvels and frights and strange delights
Attributes, properties, disciplines and novelties
Ecstatic patterns in the calendar design
Wilderness tours, guided by and for the blind
Cool ruler standing still sweating through the shades
He knew those lights only grew bright to fade
Dead wrong pageantry, lottery and games
Sleight of hand provided by extravagant and fake
The carnival tilt bell the hustle for the age
They clutch what they covet, what must they give away?
Who was uninvited who was asked to come and stay?
Surprise, it's your life, it's your business anyway
So please, pardon these and such curious minds
Peace, safe passage, precious time hither and gone
The day of days, Yawm al-Qiyāmah
This tiny stone illuminated by a star
The only star so large, many more
To make our largest star show small, furthermore
The end is not the end no stop but a pause
And what we can witness isn't all there is at all
Custom mock of a scotch and pork chops
The passion, expansion, the order of the random
See the dreamers, see the sleepers
Why'd you wake them? Sweet Jesus
Enlighten the Earth, seek heaven first
Let's put in this work

[Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Swizz Beatz]
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord (this, is something special)
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord (this, is something new)
Lord, Lord (this, is something special)
Lord

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Her heels set the mood, where did you acquire those Alaïas?
When I met you I heard Jesus, bells, strings and the choir
I got lines that's better than niggas' albums, plural
The king of the urban make your shit sound rural
She said I hit it so deep she need a epidural
Them other niggas have you looking like a squirrel
Now that's nuts
I only hang with white boys that like black sluts
Tell them Plain Pat yo that track sucks, we ain't dissing you
But you in the position to play something for us to listen to
I'm trying to worry about my scratch minus the crabs
I ain't stopping for you niggas like yellow cabs
I got scripts so why we need a movie?
And if I'm a douche, then put me in your coochie
I swear they shoulda never gave these niggas loose leaf
And excuse me if I'm trapped by the boobies
Booby trap, holla back

[Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Swizz Beatz]
Lord, Lord (you know, AK on the lamp like what's that?)
Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord (huh? Click clack)
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord (this, is something special)
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord (this, is something new)
Lord

[Verse 3: Swizz Beatz]
All white Bentley, I call that mama
My life crazy, like Obama's
You talk slick? Well I'm Osama
Bin Laden, I'm what's happening, I get it cracking
All black Carbon, on my wrist, yeah
It's gonna take you a couple years to get this here
Thank AP, well they thank me
And I be mad too, if you ain't me
Call me Mr. Dean, or Mr. Boss
See me riding clean, in a Rolls Royce
Niggas talking funny, that's old money
Niggas looking crazy, but they talking funny
Nowadays rappers, they like bloggers
You see me? I'm a bank hogger
Coming through your hood, in a Brinks truck
With 25s on it like what the fuck?
100 feet and better, what the fuck you stick?
Paparazzi on the water with the fuck-you stick
My face got the "fuck you pricks"
My beats go hard like fuck you dicks
Pouring champagne damn thing
See me rocking suede, nigga, in the damn rain
Ain't a damn thing, money ain't a damn thing
Ask Yeezy and Mos, we do the goddamn thing

[Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Swizz Beatz]
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Get down with the precious leathers
Lord, Lord (this, is something special)
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord (this, is something new)
Lord, Lord (this, is something special)
Lord

[Verse 4: Raekwon]
Aiyyo, open glass on my fingers, I sit back like I'm caged
But still caking, my niggas is hating
It's like being in the livest Lambo in the hood
You a piece of steak, I'd rather be that than some bacon
Every project is a throne only just bigger stones they throw
That's why I wear a big hat and roll weed
Gone if you don't know where you came or when you came
All you know is weed and cocaine, nonbelievers no game
I'm zooted down, rolling a spliff, maxing
Flaming like wheels got traction, I'm sun, he's attractive
Guaranteed to service the real niggas out cruising in a Volvo
A duffle for dolo, buffy polo
A blow house is where I resided once
Live amongst fiends, counting currency, hitting blunts
Only to hear the door rumble, grab the 4
Hope it ain't the law or maybe some nigga trying to score

[Outro: Charlie Wilson]
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord (Lord)
L-Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord (Lord, Lord)
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord (Lord, Lord, Lord) Lord
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord! Uh, hey
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
L-L-L-L-L-L-Lord, Lord
Lordy, Lordy, Lord, Lordy, Lordy, Lord
Lordy, Lordy, Lord, Lordy, Lordy, Lord
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord
Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, hahahah
That's kind of how this rap was pieced, hahahah
Most definitely this rap was pieced



[Hook]
Lord Vader Kush
Staying all black
Niggas wanna be with it in a gang
Roll up on a sucker hit him with the click clack
3-2 Zel
Anakin Skywalker pack
Burn a motherfucker to the ashes
Make sure a pig don't come back
Fuck niggas envy me because I'ma ball
6 man shawty I'ma ball until I fall
Fuck niggas they envy me cause I'ma ball
6 man shawty I'ma ball until I fall
(bitch)

[Verse 1]
I put them L's in the sky, like a nigga sticking up Jésus
Arnold Schwarzenegger any nigga chillin' with her
Black bitch fuck around her might erase you
Flat land bounce that I walk on
Sometimes I never seem to walk home
47th Ave down 17th Ave like Rudy Tabootie you in a Chalk Zone
All Chicago niggas got 30's, Dade County niggas got K's
Carol City nigga from the route,in a stadium, start shit in a 3-2 lane
I can show motherfuckers that feel my pain, Uzumaki upon the terrain
Niggas killing niggas over bitches, but my nigga this ain't the Django Unchained
Shot like Jamie Foxx got the neighborhood watch thinkin' they the fuckin' cops
Shoot a nigga pop, pop, pop
Damn, but he gets off innocent shots shots
Time to expose all of the god damn have nots
Curry, how does the primitive weaponry
Risen from nothing but short hand built legacy
Honestly it will be done to the death of me
Serving no Jeffrey
Prince of the Rebel fleets
Betcha Rozay ain't never ever heard no shit like this (huh)
New age of the Ice Age, Kent Clark from this Carol city life shit
Betcha Rozay ain't never ever heard no shit like this
New age of the Ice Age, Kent Clark from this Carol city shit

[Hook]
Lord Vader Kush
Staying all black
Niggas wanna be with it in a gang
Roll up on a sucker hit him with the click clack
3-2 Zel
Anakin Skywalker pack
Burn a motherfucker to the ashes
Make sure a pig don't come back
Fuck niggas envy me because I'ma ball
6 man shawty I'ma ball until I fall
Fuck niggas they envy me cause I'ma ball
6 man shawty I'ma ball until I fall
(bitch)


[Verse 2]
Running getting wicked while I'm bumpin' Biggie
Who is the wickedest infidel you ever saw
Split the blunt in half with a lightsaber staff
Fertilize it with dab whenever you split the god
New age, ice age, I'm a whole boss
Stand out with super models in a room with Chris Bosh
C9 is the future and my gang be posh
Niggas stop the reality, now we fucking with dignitosh
Cause my point 0, next episode
Give em the chronic that let em' explode
D-O double Jizzle it's a dog eat dog world C-nizzle
Legendary singer, Will Smith
Best of both sides, I’m a walking talking spliff
On another level nigga I'm a [?] you a chef
Like meet me in the shopping you better get a grip on life
Killa clan destined looking for lotto and astral projection
On the other side with a jesus piece flexin'
Like Reed Richards, Mr Fantastic in my bed and [?] i'm breathin'
Inhale exhale
Looks like I'm calling Jehovah on the Nextel
On the 3-2 Avenue to fuck with Denzel
As the rest of the virus falls false just like hell
I say
Betcha Rozay ain't never ever heard no shit like this (huh)
New age of the Ice Age, Kent Clark from this Carol city life shit
Betcha Rozay ain't never ever heard no shit like this
New age of the Ice Age, Kent Clark from this Carol city shit

[Hook]
Lord Vader Kush
Staying all black
Niggas wanna be with it in a gang
Roll up on a sucker hit him with the click clack
3-2 Zel
Anakin Skywalker pack
Burn a motherfucker to the ashes
Make sure a pig don't come back
Fuck niggas envy me because I'ma ball
6 man shawty I'ma ball until I fall
Fuck niggas they envy me cause I'ma ball
6 man shawty I'ma ball until I fall
(bitch)



[Produced by Nate Fox]

[Hook]
My druggy
Love me
When I'm ugly
Hug me
When I'm bummy, scummy
I'm your hubby
Let's get lost, let's get lost

[Verse 1]
Damn, I'm in so deep, girl
Probably 'cause you're empty
You can't even speak (IGH!)
Damn, your mouth so minty
Ooh your mama hate me
Daddy wouldn't let you, if he ever met me
If he ever met you
Put that shit behind us
And put this in your sinus
Mine is all up in my gums
Minus all that shit it's lined with
I say oh oh oh ohh
You been scratchin', you been fiendin'
I'mma fix you, I'mma fuck you
I'mma get rid of them demons
It's my

[Hook]
My druggy
When I'm ugly
Hug me
When I'm bummy, scummy
I'm your hubby
Let's get lost, let's get lost

[Verse 2]
Damn, I need a minute... aight, lehgo
She fell in love, it fell apart... aight, let go
She met her match, I let her match
She lit her match, she let me smoke
Yeah me mad petty, yeah me bogus
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah me know
Yeah she knew too (IGH!), it made her love it
Her pussy like me, her heart like "fuck it"
So dance for daddy like Gator
Ain't no partners on this trip
And lose yourself in my room
And find yourself in my grip
I'm sayin'

[Hook]
My druggy
When I'm ugly
Hug me
When I'm bummy, scummy
I'm your hubby
Let's get lost, let's get lost

[Verse 3: Noname]
I blessed myself inside your arms one day
Swear to God there I was when the dress
And the silver buttons fade away
Miss Mary Mattress, geriatrics
Fuck me into open caskets, I wanna die with this
I wanna stop seeing my psychiatrist
She said "pill pop, baby girl 'cause I promise you, you tweaked
The empty bottled loneliness, this happiness you seek"
The masochism that you preach
Practice back flips, tragic actress
On a movie with no screen
When the only time he loves me is naked in my dreams

[Hook]
My druggy
When I'm ugly
Hug me
When I'm bummy, scummy
I'm your hubby
Let's get lost, let's get lost
IGH!



[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
Damn, love or lust
Damn, all of us

[Chorus: Zacari & Kendrick Lamar]
Give me a run for my money
There is nobody, no one to outrun me
(Another world premiere!)
So give me a run for my money
Sippin' bubbly, feelin’ lovely, livin' lovely
Just love me
I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with
Just love me, just love me, just love
I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with
Love me
I wanna be with you
Love me, just love me

[Refrain: Kendrick Lamar & Zacari]
If I didn't ride blade on curb, would you still love me?
If I minimized my net-worth, would you still love me?
Keep it a hundred, I’d rather you trust me than to love me
Keep it a whole one hund': don't got you, I got nothin'

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Ayy, I got somethin'
Hol' up, we gon' function, no assumptions
Feelin' like Tyson with it
Knock it out twice, I’m with it
Only for the night, I’m kiddin'
Only for life, yeah, only for life, yeah
Only for life, let’s get it
Hit that shoulder lean
I know what's comin' over me
Backstroke oversea
I know what you need
Already on ten, all money come in
All feeling go out, this feeling don't drought
This party won’t end

[Refrain: Kendrick Lamar & Zacari]
If I didn't ride blade on curb, would you still love me?
If I minimized my net-worth, would you still love me?
Keep it a hundred, I'd rather you trust me than to love me
Keep it a whole one hund': don't got you, I got nothin'

[Chorus: Zacari & Kendrick Lamar]
Give me a run for my money
There is nobody, no one to outrun me
So give me a run for my money
Sippin' bubbly, feelin' lovely, livin' lovely
Just love me
I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with
Just love me, just love me, just love
I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with
Love me
I wanna be with you
Love me, just love me

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar & Zacari]
I'm on the way
We ain't got no time to waste
Poppin' your gum on the way (love me)
Am I in the way?
I don't wan' pressure you none
I want your blessing today (love me)
Oh, by the way, open the door by the way
Told you that I'm on the way (love me)
I'm on the way, I know connection is vague
Pick up the phone for me, babe
Dammit, we jammin'
Bad attitude from yo' nanny
Curves and your hips from yo' mammy
Remember Gardena, I took the studio camera
I know Top will be mad at me
I had to do it, I want your body, your music
I bought the big one to prove it
Look what you made
Told you that I'm on the way
I'm like a exit away, yep

[Refrain: Kendrick Lamar & Zacari]
If I didn't ride blade on curb, would you still love me?
If I minimized my net-worth, would you still love me?
Keep it a hundred, I'd rather you trust me than to love me
Keep it a whole one hund': don't got you, I got nothin'

[Chorus: Zacari & Kendrick Lamar]
Give me a run for my money
There is nobody, no one to outrun me
So give me a run for my money
Sippin' bubbly, feelin' lovely, livin' lovely
Just love me
I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with
Just love me, just love me, just love me
I wanna be with you, ayy, I wanna be with
Love me
I wanna be with you
Love me, just love me



Yeah
TTDD y'all
Hot fire

[Chorus:]
Ooh woo woo woo woo woo wow wow
Ooh woo woo woo woo woo wow wow

[Verse 1:]
Yeah
I saw you at the mall just the other day
I was walkin' you was walkin' the other way
I said girl
Come over here what's yo name, what's yo number
You hesitated to give me those seven digits
I said give me your number biznitch
Or we gon' have so muthafuckin' issues
I might have to hit you

[Chorus:]
Ooh woo woo woo woo woo wow wow
Ooh woo woo woo woo woo wow wow
Ooh ooh oh
(Love in da mall)

[Verse 2:]
I saw you later
At the movies lookin' good
[?]
After the movies we saw
Each other in the mall
I said hey chick
What's yo address
You gave me a stinky face
I said what's the deal bitch?
I got this pistol
Pow Pow
Leave you in the dust hoe
Yeh yeah yeh yeah yeah

[Bridge:]
I was (I was)
Walkin' at her (Walkin' at her)
[?]
That's when I (I)
I saw her
Feet (Look at that big toe)
Girl
(More incomprehensible sounds)
TTDD
One more time for me

[Chorus:]
Ooh woo woo woo woo woo wow wow
Ooh woo woo woo woo woo wow wow

Tyler, Taco, The bomb, Domo
Love in da mall
Uh yeah this to all dem bitches out there
{?]
With the EBT cards
Swag that shit out brotha

Taco begins screaming a mixture of the words: Odd, Future and .com



[Produced by Kanye West and Jeff Bhasker]

[Verse 1]
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
What I had to do, had to run from you
I'm in love with you, but the vibe is wrong
And that haunted me, all the way home
So you never know, never never know
Never know enough, 'til it's over love
'Til we lose control, SYSTEM OVERLOAD
Screaming, "No, no, no, n-nooo!"
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I wanna move, but can't escape from you
So I keep it low, keep a secret code
So everybody else don't have to know

[Hook]
So keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—you lose

[Verse 2]
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I can't keep my cool, so I keep it true
I got something to lose, so I gotta move
I can't keep myself, and still keep you too
So I keep in mind, when I'm on my own
Somewhere far from home, in the danger zone
How many times did I tell you 'fore it finally got through?
You lose, you lose
I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
See I had to go, see I had to move
No more wasting time, you can't wait for life
We're just racing time, where's the finish line?

[Hook]
So keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—you lose

[Verse 3]
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I bet no one knew, I got no one new
Know I said I'm through, but got love for you
But I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
Gotta keep it going, keep the loving going
Keep it on the roll, only God knows
If I be with you, baby I'm confused
You choose, you choose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
Where I wanna go, I don't need you
I've been down this road, too many times before
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to

[Hook]
So keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—you lose
You lose
You lose
You lose
You lose



[Pre-Hook: Future]
I'm on that good kush and alcohol
I got some down bitches I can call
I don't know what I would do without y'all
I'ma ball 'til the day I fall

[Hook: Drake]
Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah)
I can give a fuck 'bout no hater
Long as my bitches love me
I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas
Long as these bitches love me

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Uh, pussy-ass nigga, stop hatin'
Lil Tunechi got that fire
And these hoes love me like Satan, man
Fuck with me and get bodied
And all she eat is dick; she's on a strict diet
That's my baby, with no makeup she a ten
And she the best with that head
Even better then Karrine
She don't want money
She want the time that we could spend
She said: "‘Cause I really need somebody
So tell me you're that somebody."
Girl, I fuck who I want, and fuck who I don't!
Got that A1 credit, that's that filet mignon
She said: "I never want to make you mad
I just want to make you proud."
I said: "Baby, just make me cum, then don't make a sound."

[Pre-Hook: Future]
I'm on that good kush and alcohol
I got some down bitches I can call
I don't know what I would do without y'all
I'ma ball 'til the day I fall

[Hook: Drake]
Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah)
I can give a fuck 'bout no hater
Long as my bitches love me
I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas
Long as these bitches love me

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Real nigga, fuck these haters!
These hoes got pussies like craters
Can't treat these hoes like ladies, maaaan
Pussy, money, weed, codeine
She said my dick feel like morphine
I hope my name taste like sardines to these niggas
She wake up, eat this dick
Call that breakfast in bed, $69.96
I feel her heartbeat, I chest-to-chest with this bitch
Now turn around, face down; I'm arrestin' this bitch
All my bitches love me, and I love all my bitches
But it's like as soon as I cum, I come to my senses
And I would say these hoes' names
But then I would be snitchin'
And these haters try to knock me
But they can't knock me off the hinges; Lil Tunechi!

[Pre-Hook: Future]
I'm on that good kush and alcohol
I got some down bitches I can call
I don't know what I would do without y'all
I'ma ball 'til the day I fall

[Hook: Drake]
Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah)
I can give a fuck 'bout no hater
Long as my bitches love me
I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas
Long as these bitches love me

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
I lost a few good bitches
Met some more bad bitches
And I be schooling them niggas
Pose for your class picture
Now kiss my ass if you hating
I'm getting ass, or I'm skating
I lost a few good bitches
Met some more bad bitches
And I be schooling them niggas
Pose for your class picture
Now kiss my ass if you hating
I'm getting ass, or I'm skating, bitch!

[Pre-Hook: Future]
I'm on that good kush and alcohol
I got some down bitches I can call
I don't know what I would do without y'all
I'ma ball 'til the day I fall

[Hook: Drake]
Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah)
I can give a fuck 'bout no hater
Long as my bitches love me
I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas
Long as these bitches love me



[Part I: Produced by Sounwave]

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q]
If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street, I hear—
YAWK! YAWK! YAWK! YAWK!

[Chorus]
Man down, where you from, nigga?
Fuck who you know—where you from, my nigga?
Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?
This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Brace yourself, I'll take you on a trip down memory lane
This is not a rap on how I'm slingin' crack or move cocaine
This is cul-de-sac and plenty Cognac and major pain
Not the drill sergeant, but the stress that weighin' on your brain
It was me, L Boog, and Yan Yan, YG Lucky ride down Rosecrans
It got ugly, wavin' yo' hand out the window – check yourself!
Uh, Warriors and Conans, hope euphoria can slow dance
With society, the driver seat the first one to get killed
Seen a light-skinned nigga with his brains blown out
At the same burger stand where *beep* hang out
Now this is not a tape recorder sayin' that he did it
But ever since that day, I was lookin' at him different
That was back when I was nine, Joey packed the nine
Pakistan on every porch is fine, we adapt to crime
Pack a van with four guns at a time
With the sliding door, fuck is up?
Fuck you shootin' for if you ain't walkin' up, you fuckin' punk?
Pickin' up the fuckin' pump, pickin' off you suckers
Suck a dick or die or sucker punch
A wall of bullets comin' from AK's, AR's, "Aye, y'all—duck!"
That's what Momma said when we was eatin' that free lunch
Aw man, goddamn, all hell broke loose
You killed my cousin back in '94, fuck yo' truce!
Now crawl your head in that noose
You wind up dead on the news
Ain't no peace treaty, just piecin' BGs up to pre-approve
Bodies on top of bodies, IVs on top of IVs
Obviously the coroner between the sheets like the Isleys
When you hop on that trolley, make sure your color's correct
Make sure you're corporate or they'll be callin' your mother collect
They say the governor collect all of our taxes, except
When we in traffic and tragic happens, that shit ain't no threat
You movin' backwards if you suggest that you sleep with a TEC
Go buy a chopper and have a doctor on speed dial, I guess
M.A.A.d city

[Chorus]
Man down, where you from, nigga?
Fuck who you know—where you from, my nigga?
Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?
This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar & ScHoolboy Q]
If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street, I hear—
YAWK! YAWK! YAWK!—

[Part II: Produced by Terrace Martin]

[Intro: MC Eiht]
Wake yo' punk-ass up!
It ain't nothin' but a Compton thang
G-yeah, real simple and plain
Let me teach you some lessons about the street
(Smoke somethin', nigga!)
Hood ('Sup, Cuz?)
It ain't nothin' but a Compton thang
G-yeah, how we do

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Fresh outta school 'cause I was a high school grad'
Sleepin' in the living room of my momma's pad
Reality struck, I seen the white car crash
Hit the light pole, two niggas hopped out on foot and dashed
My pops said I needed a job, I thought I believed him
Security guard for a month and ended up leavin'
In fact, I got fired, 'cause I was inspired by all of my friends
To stage a robbery the third Saturday I clocked in
Projects tore up, gang signs get thrown up
Cocaine laced in marijuana
And they wonder why I rarely smoke now
Imagine if your first blunt had you foamin' at the mouth
I was straight tweakin', the next weekend we broke even
I made allegiance that made a promise to see you bleedin'
You know the reasons but still will never know my life
Kendrick a.k.a. "Compton's Human Sacrifice"

[Interlude: MC Eiht]
G-yeah, cocaine, weed
Niggas been mixin' shit since the '80s, loc
Sherm sticks, butt-nakeds
Dip, make a nigga flip
Cluck heads all up and down the block and shit
One time's crooked and shit
Block a nigga in
Alondra, Rosecrans, Bullis, it's Compton

[Verse 3: MC Eiht]
I'm still in the hood, loc, yeah that's cool
Shit, the hood took me under, so I follow the rules
But yeah, that's like me, I grew up in the hood where they bang
And niggas that rep colors is doin' the same thang
Pass it to the left so I can smoke on me
A couple drive-by's in the hood lately, shit
Couple of IV's with the fuckin' spray-can
Shots in the crowd, then everybody ran
Crew I'm finna slay, the street life I crave
Shots hit the enemy, hearts turn brave
Mount up, regulators in the whip
Down the boulevard with the pistol grip, yeah
Trip, we in the hood still
So, loc, grab a strap 'cause yeah, it's so real, yeah
Deal with the outcome, a strap in the hand
And a bird and ten grand's where a mothafucka stand

[Verse 4: Kendrick Lamar]
If I told you I killed a nigga at sixteen, would you believe me?
Or see me to be innocent Kendrick you seen in the street
With a basketball and some Now and Laters to eat?
If I mentioned all of my skeletons, would you jump in the seat?
Would you say my intelligence now is great relief?
And it's safe to say that our next generation maybe can sleep
With dreams of bein' a lawyer or doctor
Instead of boy with a chopper that hold the cul-de-sac hostage
Kill 'em all if they gossip
The Children of the Corn, they vandalizin' the option
Of livin' a lie, drown their body with toxins
Constantly drinkin' and drive
Hit the powder, then watch this flame that arrive in his eye
Listen, coward, the concept is aim and then bang it and slide
Out that bitch with deposit, a price on his head, the tithes
Probably go to the projects, I
Live inside the belly of the rough, Compton, USA
Made me an Angel on Angel Dust - what?

[Scratches]
M.A.A.d city
Compton

[Outro]
Nigga, pass Dot the bottle, damn!
You ain't the one that got fucked up
What you holdin' it for?
Niggas always actin' unsensitive and shit
Nigga, that ain't no word
Nigga, shut up!
Hey, Dot, you good, my nigga?
Don't even trip
Just lay back and drink that



[Hook: The Dream]
Creep up on these niggas
Creep up on these niggas
Speak up on these niggas
Speak up on a nigga
Walk up in that bitch and wave at everything
Walk up in that bitch and wave at everything
Go and make it bang, go and make it bang
Gettin’ followed by them hollows, go and make it bang
Niggas ain’t been to church in a minute
But it’s funny how that TEC make a nigga get religious
Amen!

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
You rather be more famous than rich
Play your role, it’s easy acting like Mitch
“Paid In Full” was more than reading a script
Paid in full is really just being Rich Porter
Filling all standing orders
Would you question could I swim if you saw me walking on water?
Yeah, while every song got a rapper dance
Yuugh, I’m drug money like Dapper Dan
No retirement plans, no Derek Jeters
We all know I did it; Rodriguez
The illusion of money we don’t believe in
You ask me, Tyga looking like a genius
I’m Kim Jong of the crack song
Gil Scott-Heron to the black poem
Woo, the revolution will be televised
‘Cause we done see all and they telling lies

[Hook: The Dream]
Creep up on these niggas
Creep up on these niggas
Speak up on these niggas
Speak up on a nigga
Walk up in that bitch and wave at everything
Walk up in that bitch and wave at everything
Go and make it bang, go and make it bang
Gettin’ followed by them hollows, go and make it bang
Niggas ain’t been to church in a minute
But it’s funny how that TEC make a nigga get religious
Amen!

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
You rather be more famous than rich
Play your role, it’s easy being my bitch
It’s only right for a queen to floss your shit
Rolex crowns, I emboss your wrist
The minimums, niggas ain’t synonyms
Dual exhausts, driving flying saucers
Diamond crosses, hang Takashi portraits
Street millionaires rub shoulders
And laugh at bitches fucking promoters
Hoping that they get noticed, still driving a Focus
What you fuck him for if you didn’t know what the goal was?
Shine, remote control blinds
That turn on the time lapse, controlled by the iPad
Ahhh, my living room rap scream crack money
I don’t trust rap niggas or rap money
See this air hole tech and get ratttttt from me

[Hook: The Dream]
Creep up on these niggas
Creep up on these niggas
Speak up on these niggas
Speak up on a nigga
Walk up in that bitch and wave at everything
Walk up in that bitch and wave at everything
Go and make it bang, go and make it bang
Gettin’ followed by them hollows, go and make it bang
Niggas ain’t been to church in a minute
But it’s funny how that TEC make a nigga get religious
Amen!

[Verse 3: Pusha T]
Niggas talking it, but ain’t living it
Two years later admitting it, all them niggas is renting shit
They ask why I’m still talking dope, why not?
The biggest rappers in the game broke, voilà
They say it’s hate, but it’s these well-dressed snakes
That learn to walk on the concrete, I just saw it and spoke to it
Yuugh, you ain’t know, you got coached through it
Wooo, the rap fans got hoaxed through it
Haaa, the whole time I sold coke through it
Nigga, and records I was Bo through it
King Push is synonymous with kingpin
Chess moves on your checkerboard, king him
Yeah, this is gun slingers and Goyard
Uh, this is O Dog in the courtyard
You wonder why I’m still here
I’m America’s worst nightmare
Night, night nigga

[Hook: The Dream]
Creep up on these niggas
Creep up on these niggas
Speak up on these niggas
Speak up on a nigga
Walk up in that bitch and wave at everything
Walk up in that bitch and wave at everything
Go and make it bang, go and make it bang
Gettin’ followed by them hollows, go and make it bang
Niggas ain’t been to church in a minute
But it’s funny how that TEC make a nigga get religious
Amen!



[Intro: The-Dream]
I see the strangest things
The evil that money brings
I swear it’s like a disease
That goes round and round and round like sirens
And they wanna bury me
Why? Cause I’m anti everything
I swear it’s like a disease
That goes round and round and round like sirens

[Hook: Kanye West & A$AP Rocky]
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy after all
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy not at all
Get in them drawers
I had a dream I had it all
I woke up and really had it all

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
The three leading killers of you niggas
Is the shit that’s most appealing to you niggas
Even I fell victim to it, your pride don’t let you do it
The lies will get you through it
Money, pussy, alcohol, what a wonderful cocktail
Fronted my first brick over oxtails and ran with it
Dope is like a two-way street
The addiction, both you and me, now take a seat
Every car got a fleet, every broad get a jeep
Every sparkle in the club that wasn’t ours, we compete
Poor minds, poor decision makers
No reward, then what’s the risk you taking?
New bitch I been fucking might start a rap war
Won’t unveil it yet, can’t tell it yet
Defense wins games Bill Belichick
These hoes having Google numbers, niggas better check
Yuugh

[Hook]
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy after all
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy not at all
Get in them drawers
I had a dream I had it all
I woke up and really had it all

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Shout out my bitches fucking baseball niggas
That dress like Bamas with guaranteed contracts
Yeah, I see your vision, sick of prison visits
Now the Major League’s where you're fishing
You young and hot, so why not?
The dealers is washed, the money is dry, so take your best shot
We can’t judge you ‘cause we ain’t hug you
We sent you off to other hoods and let them niggas fuck you
For real, we made you watch from afar
Even talked down on you, tryna dim your star
Until we seen them foreign cars pull up
And watch them pick you up
And then we realized we missed a diamond in the rough
So, make us proud, make it count
Until you learn to love ‘em, make ‘em spare no amount
Make ‘em dig deeper to keep ya, knowing you deserve it
Take advantage of it when you’re worth it
Real bitches worth it

[Hook]
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy after all
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy not at all
Get in them drawers
I had a dream I had it all
I woke up and really had it all

[Verse 3: Pusha T]
I’ve been watching all you real niggas
I done seen more won't than you will niggas
Take a swing, snatch a chain
Lose your mind, go insane
I’m in the club, you in the club too
I got money, you got money too
You think it’s honey dew
Whispering in my ear like a hunny do
Eyeballing every bottle that we running through
Trying to stand near, nigga damn near
Pushing bitches out the way to Instagram here
It’s no pictures, now you in your feelings
I’m a real dope boy, no stranger dealings
Bruised ego, Henny-induced Debos
Nickel bag niggas, all of a sudden Ninos
I cancel all of you G-Moneys for G money
I get it done for quarter ki money, for real

[Hook]
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy after all
Money, pussy, alcohol
You niggas pussy not at all
Get in them drawers
I had a dream I had it all
I woke up and really had it all

[Produced by Kanye West and J. Cole]



[Intro]
Yeah, you know them
They accuse the righteous people of crimes and claim that we're wicked
Stirring up controversy, making us fight each other
All the fake rappers make it worse, they gotta pay

[Verse 1: Guru]
First and foremost, some rappers are sweet like fructose
When I cock back these lyrics, y'all punks best be ghost
I be the seven twenty-one, eighteen twenty-one
The illest one, I'm almost doper than anyone
Straight out the late nights of Bed-Stuy
Stepping up, y'all put your weapons up, I make heads fly
You're artificial like saccharin
You're crazy fake, it's more than skills you be lacking in
Concepts you bite, cause your identity ain't tight
Trying to be something you're not, like pulling a knife at a gunfight
I'm trooping on night air like flight number 106
And getting all up in your fucking mix
You get me upset, and I got you uptight
Cause my committee's in your city tonight, aight?
We got seventeen million of us plus, two million Indians
That makes 19 mil, lighting shit up like Wild Bill
I be the, supreme father plus the ill kid, with drama
My karma, creates the Teflon to pierce your body armor
And make sure you check the shit before you walk to me, or talk to me
Stepping to me improperly, you just may catch the weaponry
My specialty is tearing tracks out the frame
You know my fucking name, I rule all game
I'm universal on all planes, what's your claim?

[Verse 2: Guru]
Yo, I be your highness, in slickness, you chumps bear witness
Tremendous trooper, verbal nigga with the fitness
Drop you for your spot with the blazer then I blast you
Slice precise like Benihana's when I come to bring the dramas
Styles so swift, that you can't peep the god
As your lyrics get buried, six feet deep in my backyard
I laugh hard, while your mental I run through mazes
Dark stages of terror to shatter your dressing room mirror
Your whole error gets crushed, your whole show gets bumrushed
Too many dumb punks, want to enter this rap scene
Kicking Willie Bobo, but need to be slapped clean
Into oblivion, the true champion always rises
I bring surprises to the chief plus their advisers
Size me up, and you will find nothing's larger
Catch more wreck on your dome, than a deranged fucking barber
So what you made some dough, you best keep on scrambling
All your vanity, is instantly crushed, when I start handling
Demanding that you pay, for your weak rhyme display
Coast to coast, I break the fakes everyday

[Verse 3: Krumb Snatcha]
I see myself as the black rap messiah
Colossal spreading my gospel through electrical wires
Spit fire through speech, so I can reach each and every
Tom dick and jerry slippin like petroleum jelly
Too busy in the limelight, can't rhyme tight
I got divine right to bring y'all to light
Something ain't right, to be an MC, you gotta thug
Or to thug you gotta be an MC, this shit is bugged
Show love but few; deal with crew and crew only
And think universal like Sony
Phony pounds and fake hugs is usually avoided
Give a fuck like Pizza Hut I got to stay noyd-ed
Cause that same nigga you trust, could be that same cat
Behind that gat that bust, quiet ya, with the silencer
Keep it hush, ashes to dust, then dust to ashes
Nowadays it's who pull out the fastest, imagine this
Rap shit without this gat shit, or the phony cat
In black talking bout how much his mac spit
But this year, Gang Starr got changes being made
No wack shit being played no fake macks getting paid
No Versace mc's, with a mouth full of mo'
Soundin' like a ho spittin' at a fashion show flow
I bombshell that pastel Chanel rap through a maxwell
Ever since young Krumb, was taught to rap well
Going deep, process of thought, when my eyes closes
Awaken with turban, robe and sandals like Moses
Travelling high sands and eastern lands for the answers
Ignorance is spreading through the streets like it was cancer
Too many drinking not thinking, when behind that trigger
A .38 escalate the murder rate, for us niggas
It's like, microphone roulette cause nowadays MCs is getting wet
Over someone else's fake gangsta rep



[Intro]
Personnel Officer: Let me see your chauffeur's license. How's your driving record?
Travis: It's clean. It's real clean, like my conscience
Personnel Officer: You gonna break my chops? I have trouble with guys like you coming in to break my chops all the time. If you're gonna break my chops, you can take it on the arches right now, you understand?
Travis: Sorry, sir. I didn't mean that

[Verse 1: Busdriver]
I did a record before you
And sure of course it was a tour de force
Now you can afford a Porsche, go to the Source awards
Get some tour support, do all sorts of warped things
Get a smorgasbord with a horde of whores
Snort some more, leave a horrid corpse
You're so corporate endorsed that when I record a chorus
You said you co-writ the grand corpus
With no if's, and's, or but's
To listen to derivative works of this art-fag
I need to be in arms reach of a barf bag
Using a bland sci-fi lab kit
No fan's hands will go sky-high for that shit
It's too anti-climactic, I'll put my bad reviews on your happy shoes

[Abstract Rude]
Well, it's the Busdriver and y'all back in school
With Ellay Khule and I’m Ab Rude, Ripping it

[Verse 2: Abstract Rude]
Derivative of creative initiative
Uninhibited in no particular fashion
Indicative of an atypical mic-smashing
Considered the title class of the fiercest survivalist
Paralyzing psychoanalyst, magnetizing soul catalyst
Out of a cocoon a platoon would form and how did it happen
Sprouting like alfalfa poison mushrooms out of the grass
Boys to men of this vast network of allies
That were sent to the rally point for the joint venture
Henchmen with a long-standing friendship
Based on both surviving a lynching from those striving against them
Rise to any length spread through every width, area, and circumference
It's a heavy load to lift but I was never known to quit nothing
I use a dolly, pulley, lever, conveyor belt
On the assembly line where all of the steel melts
I'd weld them a chopper, tap on a chakra to get 'em back in order
And mail them a document to tell 'em retreat back over the border
For his aura's sake to make more, innovate, and record a great album
For our styling cipher out for the Driver
I'm a clocker, as much of an actor as Mekhi Phifer's a rhymer
He's the Busdriver and y'all back in school
And I'm Ab-Rude and with Ellay Khule, rippin' it

[Bridge: Aceyalone]
Yeah, Project Blowed Collective holds MC's of the future
I read the grid kid, I did every column
We have you mapped out..

[Hook: Budriver and Abstract Rude]
We've mapped your psyche
We know what you do before you do
Packaged it nicely
And sold it to who feeds off the style

[Verse 3: Ellay Khule]
You couldn't break my chops with an axe
Take you time, make it fat, talking shit, take it back
Mad when you kick that crap
Weak wack raps, where the real writers at?
Over here, over there, everywhere that I peek
Follow the elite, every style that I freak
Beat a nigga down when I'm bound to a beat
Microphone parts what they found in the street
Pick 'em up, dust, kick it up, time to rip it up
Having fun with my tongue, when I'm done give it up
Time to demonstrate how I penetrate
Hot incinerate, biting like a dinner date
It's a twist that I missed, what part of the game is this?
Where the losers go and the winners wait
To take the beginner's place
Keep my face placed on how to win the race
If they'd run, I would never chase
Hit 'em with the boom because they set up base
This ain't Texas but this is the west's Chainsaw Leather Face
Keep the golden mic in a leather case
And when it's battle time, I'ma set a pace
Every line that you find already been mine
When you rhyme, man, what a waste
You would think I'd busted a nut in every hip-hop slut
Because there's too many Mini-Me's
And some of y'all cats is finicky
So y'all quickly change to enemies
Blowing up in the industry so they remember me
In their memory for original chops
So you better give spiritual props to your lyrical pops
Speed seeds, I delivered a flock
Busdriver, Ellay Khule, and Ab Rude
A few Goodlife emcees on the prowl
They get beat up every time they want to eat up
And try to feed up on my style
Got your little puny mind
Your little minuscule thoughts mapped out

[Hook]



[Intro: Ericka Lee on the phone]
Hello? Yeah, I just walked in
Yeah, I'm good… You still working?
Tonight… Right now? Did I go out?
Yeah, I went out, I went…
I went to a couple of clubs
I never went to bed, shit…
Wine or water
You said something about a cold drink?
I don't know, I'm delirious…

[Verse 1: Drake]
Cups of the rosé
Bitches in my old phone
I should call one and go home
I've been in this club too long
The woman that I would try
Is happy with a good guy
But I've been drinkin' so much
That I'ma call her anyway, and say…

[Chorus: Drake]
Fuck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
And since you picked up, I know he's not around

[Bridge: Drake & Ericka Lee]
(Are you drunk right now?)
I'm just sayin' you could do better
Tell me, have you heard that lately?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin' only if you make me

[Verse 2: Drake]
Uh, cups of the XO
All my people been here
I see all of her friends here
Guess she don't have the time to kick it no more
Flights in the morning
What you doin' that's so important?
I've been drinkin' so much
That I'ma call you anyway, and say…

[Chorus: Drake]
Fuck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
And since you picked up, I know he's not around

[Bridge: Drake & Ericka Lee]
(Are you drunk right now?)
I'm just sayin' you could do better
Tell me, have you heard that lately?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin' only if you make me

[Verse 3: Drake]
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures
And sitting talking 'bout bitches that we almost had
I don't think I'm conscious of makin' monsters
Outta the women I sponsor 'til it all goes bad
But, shit, it's all good
We threw a party, yeah, we threw a party
Bitches came over, yeah, we threw a party
I was just calling, ‘cause they were just leavin'
Talk to me, please, don't have much to believe in
I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?
Too many drinks have been given to me
I got some women that's livin' off me
Paid for their flights and hotels, I'm ashamed
Bet that you know them, I won't say no names
After a while, girl, they all seem the same
I've had sex four times this week; I'll explain
Havin' a hard time adjustin' to fame
Sprite in that mixture
I've been talkin' crazy, girl, I'm lucky that you picked up
Lucky that you stayed on
I need someone to put this weight on
"Well, I'm sorry."

[Bridge: Drake & Ericka Lee]
(Are you drunk right now?)
I'm just sayin' you could do better
Tell me, have you heard that lately?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin' only if you make me

[Interlude: Drake]
You're not gonna come?
Guess I'm 'bout to just kick it here then

[Outro: Drake]
Just throw up while I hold your hair back
Her white friend said "You niggas crazy"
I hope no one heard that
I hope no one heard that
‘Cause if they did, we gonna be in some trouble
We gonna be in some trouble, trouble



[Produced by DJ Premier & MC Guru]

[Hook]
"Money's growing like grass with the mass appeal"

[Verse 1]
No way, you'll never make it
Come with the weak shit, I'll break it
Step into my zone, mad rhymes will stifle ya
Lines like rifles go blast when I kick some ass
A lot of rappers be like one-time wonders
Couldn't say a fly rhyme if there was one right under
Their noses, I hate those motherfucking posers
But I'm so real, to them it's scary
And with my unique skills, nah, you can't compare me
And no, we don't make wack tracks
And all the suckers get pushed back
When I'm kicking real facts
I represent, set up shit like a tent, boy
You're paranoid cause you're a son like Elroy
And you'd be happy as hell to get a record deal
Maybe your soul you'd sell to have mass appeal

[Hook]
"Money's growing like grass with the mass appeal"

[Verse 2]
Oh yes, I'm greater than all MC's when I breeze
Give me room, please
I be like fascinating when I be updating
Cutting off wack kids, pulling their trump cards
I thump hard, and make 'em say that I'm God
Niggas be pretending they're hardcore
Never know the meaning of (raw)
But I get props like a slogan
And no man could ever try to diss when I kicks my jam
Lyrically def and connectin', complete mic-wreckin'
No double-checkin', vocals kill like weapons
But if I have to, I go all out with no mic
Yeah, that's right, cause I survived mad fights
And for my peeps I truly care
Cause without some of them I wouldn't be here
And they all know how I feel
Cause suckers be like playing themselves to have mass appeal

[Hook]
"Money's growing like grass with the mass appeal"

[Verse 3]
I know I'm dope, but don't wet that
I've suffered setbacks, but now I'm making greenbacks
Just like baggy slacks, I'm crazy hip-hop
Check one two and you don't stop
Your head'll bop when I drop my crop of pure bomb
Just like the seashore I'm calm
But wild, with my monotone style
Because I don't need gimmicks
Give me a fly beat and I'm all in it
Word is bond, I go on and on
For you it's tragic, I got magic like wands
So I'ma end this lecture and I bet ya
Those who kick dirt, in due time I'm gonna get ya
Cause I be kicking the real
While they be losing the race trying to chase mass appeal

[Hook]
"Money's growing like grass with the mass appeal"



Me me me me me me me me me me me me me

[VERSE 1]
They paint their vulva beige
Bleed a cola keg
While I plan to ruin GOP motorcades
For these senseless zines turned censored scenes
I earn a soldier's wage

So I broke your legs
Threw you rollerblades
Because you claimed that the OG was overpaid
For pointing M-16s
At grenadine
Coursing through the pollster aids

I need my water brush
In the economic crunch
The financiers are seeped in embalming slush
And the sexist machines
Express the means
To re-appeal Roe vs Wade

So I gotta demode the dark matter
On the spring-loaded park plaza
Who is in charge?
I don't know
They all eat their business cards

I'm a hack at deer shooting
Know Vladimir Putin
While I wear this cashmere pantsuit thing
I can knight the spokesman
So Ibuprofen
Becomes your golden egg

[VERSE 2]
Automated voter readytellers are the subsequent heavy seller
In the pool of undecided registry
Because they don't give a fuck about the findings on a troop surge
It's a moot point
What have you heard?

Bumbling idiots for news correspondents see the desperate need to form a new foreign policy
Yet they give their credence to the pro-war pandering
As we all squabble over Saturn's rings

Regimented doubletalk undercuts the pertinence
Of our corporate heads trying to run away with tax cuts
In their vestables, the evangelicals are tent-poles
Begging the Head of State
"Deregulate the gross!"

Happy ever after
Benefactors all settle matters
The senate gathers to celebrate the fat fuck's
Inability to give a single solitary hoot
About the proletariat
Their merriment is gross

What does this mean for you though?

[VERSE 3]
You nigga's looking gee'd up
Rolling in a Prius
But I gotta give my money management a C+
With my foreclosed home
And pork bowl loans
I revisit the need to grind

I'm dating Russian fem-bots
Sipping on some hemlock
Cause I got overdue billing on my desktop
When I've been overthought and undercooked
That's when I need me time

[BREAK]
Me Time (repeat)

Well, I need some me time with the pulmonary palimpsest

Watch the banks merge, liberal thinker
Because now the middle finger is the California state bird
If you ain't heard



[Intro: Fuzzy Jones]
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin' and a gnashin' of teeth
It is a weepin' and a mournin' and a gnashin' of teeth
It is a— when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound
Believe, believe

[Chorus: YB, Big Sean & Fuzzy Jones]
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick, she so thirsty
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo
With your girl, she tryna jerk me (believe)
O-o-o-o-o–okay, Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick, she so thirsty
I–I–I–I–I'm in that two-seat Lambo
With your girl, she tryna jerk me
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy (swerve)
Your chick, she so thirsty (swerve)
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo
With your girl, she tryna jerk me (woah) (believe)
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick, she so thirsty (boy)
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo (boy)
With your girl, she tryna jerk me

[Verse 1: Big Sean & Kanye West]
Okay, drop it to the floor, make that ass shake (shake, shake...)
Woah, make the ground move: that's an ass quake
Built a house up on that ass: that's an ass-tate
Roll–roll–roll my weed on it: that's an ass tray
Say, Ye, say, Ye, don't we do this every day–day? (huh?)
I work them long nights, long nights to get a payday (huh?)
Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay
And niggas still hatin'
So much hate, I need a AK (AK)
Now we out in Paris, yeah, I'm Perrierin'
White girls politickin': that's that Sarah Palin
Get–get–get–get–get–gettin' hot, Californicatin'
I give her that D 'cause that's where I was born and raised in

[Chorus: YB, Big Sean & Fuzzy Jones]
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy (swerve)
Your chick, she so thirsty (swerve)
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo (swerve)
With your girl, she tryna jerk me (swerve) (believe)
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy (swerve)
Your chick, she so thirsty (swerve)
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo (swerve)
With your girl, she tryna jerk me (swerve)

[Refrain: Fuzzy Jones & Big Sean]
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin' (swerve)
And a gnashin' of teeth (swerve)
It is a weepin' and a mournin' (swerve)
And a gnashin' of teeth (swerve)
It is a— when it comes to my sound (swerve)
Which is the champion sound (swerve)
Believe, believe (swerve)
Believe, believe (swerve)

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Yuugh! It's prime time, my top back, this pimp game, ho
I'm red leather, this cocaine, I'm Rick James, ho
I'm bill-droppin', Ms. Pac-Man, this pill-poppin' ass ho
I'm poppin' too, these blue dolphins need two coffins
All she want is some heel money
All she need is some bill money
He take his time, he counts it out
I weighs it up, that's real money
Check the neck, check the wrist
Them heads turnin': that's exorcist
My Audemars like Mardi Gras
That's Swiss time, and that's excellence
Two-door preference
Roof gone, George Jefferson
That white frost on that pound cake
So your Duncan Hines is irrelevant, woo
Lambo Murciélago
She go wherever I go
Wherever we go, we do it pronto, it's like—

[Chorus: YB, Big Sean & Fuzzy Jones]
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy (swerve)
Your chick, she so thirsty (swerve)
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo (swerve)
With your girl, she tryna jerk me (swerve) (believe)
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy (swerve)
Your chick, she so thirsty (swerve)
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo (swerve)
With your girl, she tryna jerk me (swerve)

[Refrain: Fuzzy Jones & Big Sean]
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin' (swerve)
And a gnashin' of teeth (swerve)
It is a weepin' and a mournin' (swerve)
And a gnashin' of teeth (swerve)
It is a— when it comes to my sound (swerve)
Which is the champion sound (swerve)
Believe, believe (swerve)
Believe (swerve)
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin'
And a gnashin' of teeth in the dancehall
And who no have teeth gwan rub pon dem gums
Cuh when time it comes to my sound
Which is the champion sound
The bugle has blown fi many times
And it still have one more time left
Cuh the amount of stripe weh deh pon our shoulder

[Bridge: Kanye West & 2 Chainz]
Let the suicide doors up
I threw suicides on the tour bus
I threw suicides on the private jet
You know what that mean, I'm fly to death
I step in Def Jam buildin' like I'm the shit
Tell 'em gimme fifty million or I'ma quit
Most rappers' taste level ain't at my waist level
Turn up the bass 'til it's up-in-yo-face level
Don't do no press but I get the most press kit
Plus, yo, my bitch make your bitch look like Precious
Somethin' 'bout Mary, she gone off that molly
Now the whole party is melting like Dalí
Now everybody is movin' they body
Don't sell me apartment, I'll move in the lobby (yah)
Niggas is loiterin' just to feel important
You gon' see lawyers and niggas in Jordans (2 Chainz)

[Verse 3: 2 Chainz & Big Sean]
Okay, now catch up to my campaign
Coupe the color of mayonnaise
I'm drunk and high at the same time
Drinkin' champagne on the airplane (tell 'em)
Spit rounds like a gun range (baow)
Beat it up like Rampage
Hundred bands, cut your girl
Now your girl need a Band-Aid (damn)
Grade A, A1
Chain the color of Akon
Black diamonds, backpack rhymin'
Co-signed by Louis Vuitton (yep)
Horsepower, horsepower
All this Polo on, I got horsepower
Pound of this cost four thousand
Now I make it rain, she want more showers
Rain (rain) pourin' (pourin')
All my cars is foreign (foreign)
All my broads is foreign (foreign)
Money tall like Jordan

[Chorus: YB, Big Sean & Fuzzy Jones]
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy (swerve)
Your chick, she so thirsty (swerve)
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo (swerve)
With your girl, she tryna jerk me (swerve)
O-o-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy (swerve)
Your chick, she so thirsty (swerve)
I-I-I-I-I'm in that two-seat Lambo (swerve) (believe)
With your girl, she tryna jerk me (swerve) (believe)

[Refrain: Fuzzy Jones & Big Sean]
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin' (swerve)
And a gnashin' of teeth (swerve)
It is a weepin' and a mournin' (swerve)
And a gnashin' of teeth (swerve)
It is a— when it comes to my sound (swerve)
Which is the champion sound (swerve)
Believe, believe (swerve)
Believe, believe (swerve)
Well, it is a weepin' and a moanin' and a gnashin' of teeth
It is a weepin' and a mournin' and a gnashin' of teeth
It is a— when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound
Believe, believe, believe, believe



[Interlude: Merlyn Wood]
"Hi, this is Merlyn Wood and you're listening to Things We Lost in the Fire Radio on Beats 1. I think I was about eight when my parents got me a fish tank and some of those fish with the see through skin, so you can see their skeleton. And I also had a blue fish... They're all dead now, um, and I buried them in the backyard. I mean if, if water kills fish, what chance do I got? What chance do I got? I mean, if water kills fish, what chance do I got?"



[Skit: Method Man & Raekwon]
Yeahhh, torture, motherfucker, what?
Torture, nigga, what?
What? I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' tie you to a fuckin' bedpost
With your ass cheeks spread out and shit, right?
Put a hanger on a fuckin' stove and let that shit sit there for like a half hour, take it off and stick it in your ass slow like tsssssss
Yeah, I'll fuckin', yeah, I'll fuckin' lay your nuts on a fuckin' dresser, just your nuts layin' on a fuckin' dresser, and bang them shits with a spiked fuckin' bat
Ooooohhhh Whassup? BLAOWW!!
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', pull your fuckin' tongue out your fuckin'
Mouth and stab the shit with a rusty screwdriver, BLAOWW!!
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' hang you by your fuckin' dick off A fuckin' twelve sto-story building out this motherfucker
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', sew your asshole closed, and keep feedin' you And feedin' you, and feedin' you, and feedin' you
Yo, roll the dice, yo, roll the dice
Yo, so it's goin' down like that, huh? Yeah?
Niggas is whylin', check it out, kid

[Intro: GZA]
From the slums of Shaolin, Wu-Tang Clan strikes again
The RZA, the GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck
Raekwon the Chef, U-God, Ghostface Killah and the Method Man

[Chorus: Method Man]
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man

[Verse 1: Method Man]
Hey, you, get off my cloud!
You don't know me and you don't know my style
Who be gettin' flam when they come to a jam?
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, hey! The Method Man
Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan
Peanut butter 'cause I'm not butter
In fact, I snap back like a rubber band
I be Sam, Sam-I-Am and I don't eat green eggs and ham
Style will hit ya, wham! Then goddamn
You'll be like, "Oh shit, that's the jam!"
Turn it up, now hear me get buck w-w-wild
I'm about to blow, light me up
Upside, downside, inside and outside
Hittin' you from every angle, there's no doubt I
Am the one and only Method Man
The master of the plan, rappin' shit like Saran
Wrap, with some of this and some of that
Hold up (what?) I tawt I tat I putty tat
Over there, but I think he best to beware
Of the diggy dog shit right here
Yippy yippy yay yippy yah yippy yo
Like Deck said, this ain't your average flow
Comin' like rah ooh ah achie kah
Tell me, how you like it so far, baby paw?
The poetry's in motion, coast to coast and
Rub it on your skin like lotion
What's the commotion? Oh my Lord
Another cord chopped by the Wu-Tang sword
"Hey, hey, hey!" like Fat Albert
It's the Method Man, ain't no if ands about it
It's the Method

[Break: Method Man]
All right, y'all, get your White Owls
Get your meth, get your skins
Don't forget your forty
And we gonna do it like this

[Bridge: Method Man]
I got fat bags of skunk
I got White Owl blunts
And I'm about to go get lifted
Yes, I'm about to go get lifted
I got myself a forty
I got myself a shorty
And I'm about to go and stick it
Yes, I'm about to go and stick it, uhh

[Verse 2: Method Man]
H-U-F-F, huff, and I puff
Blow like snow when the cold wind's blowin'
Zoooom, I hit the mic like boom!
Wrote a song about it, like to hear it? Here it goes
Question, what exactly is a panty raider?
Ill behavior, savior or major flavor
All of the above, oh yeah, plus seducer
Also, flam, I'm the man, call me super
Not an average Joe with an average flow
Doin' average things with average hoes
Yo, I'm super, I'll make a bitch squirm
For my Super Sperm (check it)
Check it, I give it to you raw butt-naked
I smell sess, pass the method
Let's get lifted as I kick ballistics
Missiles and shoot game like a pistol
Clip is loaded when I click bang (bang!)
A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain
J-U-M-P, jump, and I thump
Make girls rumps like pump and Humpty Hump
Wild, the Shaolin style is all in me
Child, the whole damn isle is callin' me
P-A-N-T-Y R-A-I-D-E-R, mad raw, I don't fry
Meaning, no one can burn or toss and turn me
Ooh, I be the super sperm
Chim chimmeny chim chim cherie
Freak a flow and flow fancy free
Now, how many licks does it take
For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break?
Peep and don't sleep, the crew's mad deep (Wu-Tang!)
Fadin' motherfuckers like bleach
So to each and every crew
You're clear like glass, I can see right through
Your whole damn posse be catchin' 'em all, 'cause you vic'd
And you didn't have friends to begin with, I'm…

[Chorus: Method Man]
The M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man

[Outro: RZA, (Ghostface Killah) & Method Man​]
Straight from the slums of Shaolin
Wu-Tang Killa Beez on a swarm
(Y'alls all have just been taken
Through the 36 Chambers of death, kid)
(Word to mother, Method Man signin' off, peace)



[Verse 1: Ameer Vann]
I ain't the same nigga that I once was
I lost my fucking mind and then I fell in love
I did a bunch of drugs because I couldn't sleep
I lost a couple months, I chipped my fucking teeth
And there's a couple women and they know some things
About lies that I done told and shit that I done said
And niggas that I robbed, so I'm real paranoid
I have voices in my head

[Verse 2: Merlyn Wood]
Hi, my name is Merlyn, I just applied for food stamps
I just moved to California, with my boy band
Dropped out of a good school, hippies in my commune
I left 'fore the rent was due
Used to want a briefcase and a short commute
Used to wanna sell coke and whip an Audi coupe
Crazy, if I did that, wouldn't be talking to you
Walking through the pitfalls of a college student
Crazy how you get them letters and that make you feel accepted
Til you walking 'round the campus and you the only African
Nobody with passion, just cats that take direction well
Take acid trips to find themselves, well...

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
I gotta get better at being me (Being who I am)
I gotta get better at everything (Being who I am)
I just want a friend that I can hang out with (Being who I am)
Someone I can sit around, lay on my couch with (Being who I am)

[Verse 3: Kevin Abstract]
Ever since I moved out, I've been broke
Ever since I grew up, I've been ugly
Ooh, I need get me some dollar, dollar, dollar bills y'all
Ever since I left my momma house
I've been mad as hell at the world
Sometimes you don't gotta rhyme when you feel it
Sometimes I barely ever feel a fucking thang
Sometimes I wish that my fucking phone would fucking ring
And go off, and wake a nigga up
I'm used to being sad and I'm used to being down
I'm used to being used, I miss my boy being around

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
I gotta get better at being me (Being who I am)
I gotta get better at everything (Being who I am)
I just want a friend that I can hang out with (Being who I am)
Someone I can sit around, lay on my couch with (Being who I am)

[Bridge: Matt Champion]
Droppin' all I got on this one day
I just wanna be somebody someday
Droppin' all I got on this one way
I just wanna be somebody someday
Droppin' all I got on this one day
I just wanna be somebody someday
Droppin' all I got on this one way
I just wanna be somebody someday

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
I gotta get better at being me (Being who I am)
I gotta get better at everything (Being who I am)
I just want a friend that I can hang out with (Being who I am)
Someone I can sit around, lay on my couch with (Being who I am)

[Outro: Dom McLennon]
I'm trying to look for motivation of smaller things
But baby steps to my atonement when I foster dreams
I've been told I'm too transparent with my thoughts sometimes
So I wrote songs until they pass and I can fall in line
I fell apart the moment that you thought you found yourself
'Cause I knew at that point, I couldn't be in the equation anymore
But moving on with open, broken hearts
Will show you everything you need to see about yourself to start moving forward
So many things I wanna say that I'm not sure need to be known
But everybody swears they fucking know me
So why, don't I lay every card I'm holding on the table?
At that point I wonder what they'd show me
I almost lost my father, still surreal for me to think about
Considering how many of my friends have lost theirs
I never know if what I'm saying is the right thing
If not, I'm ready more than ever for the crosshairs
It's all fair when it's not you
Some people have angels, what if only shadows follow you?
And all the ghosts inside that seem to hollow you
The branches of the weeping willow start to swallow you
And then you realize you're exactly where you're supposed to be
The horizon clears, you wipe the tears
And all the skeletons are ready for your story



[Intro: Busdriver]
I just really wanted to be included in the conversation
My nigga, let me give you my thoughts on the matter

[Verse 1]
My introduction at the party was "Who be that?"
With small talk littering conversation with booby traps
Chewing fat with political theorists busy reviewing stats
They're going home to niggas committing unruly acts
But not getting fitted for no Uzi straps
Just keeping the hoodie mac and the doobie wrapped
And never reflecting on how we truly act
They're screaming out that shit
Until the motherfucking tubing cracks
Cause it feels like a military coup in fact
But had to bring Paul Mooney back to give y'all the point of view
Of a threatening black man, cause these legislators get paid for the
Booty claps so I gotta bring the kufi back

[Hook 2x]
So take a breath, take a step, take a leap
I'ma take these motherfuckers straight up out their seats check
Reach for the sun, I shoot from the hip with teeth in my gun

[Post-Hook]
Remember when we were radicals out there fanning them flames
Rooting out injustices in our family names
Cops measuring our grave plots in candy canes

[Verse 2: Hemlock Ernst]
I motion to leave the party early
But held down by my sleeves, it's like a mild birthing
Pushing past the ledge to know I'm not free
Wonder if they'll remember me?
As something more than a centerpiece
Or a choir boy for the simile
For the four-fours, for the entropy
Like the chorus was always a friend to me
In migrant visions though -- my mind was a cash box
Followed behind grandpa in black socks, wild at heart
He smoking KOOLS, 'til the day of the locust -- moved
Him barely unfocused -- blue, but when I concentrate I'm scary with truths
Half-remembered from my ones and twos and fours of my past lives
A pastor in knife fights, a bastard, a light brite
I'm just babbling but what I found is our self-worth has been rooked
The truth we pull from our subconscious
Just won't read it in books

[Hook 2x]
So take a breath, take a step, take a leap
I'ma take these motherfuckers straight up out their seats check
So just reach for the sun, I shoot from the hip with teeth in my gun

[Interlude: Busdriver]
Don't you remember?
Remember us
Let me tell you about it
Remember when we were radicals out there fanning them flames
With a mouth full of reading and a tummy full of grain?
Don't you remember?
I was there with you
It was different then
We sung the old folklore, we sung the Goodlife hymns
My nigga said this one, and I repeated it. It goes:

[Hook 2]
Fuck a cop, fuck a cop
He's ready to drop a cop
Fuck a cop, fuck a cop
I'm ready to drop a cop, he says
Fuck a cop, fuck a cop
I'm ready to drop a cop
He's ready to do what you're ready do to but he's
Ready to drop a cop

[Verse 3]
I wasn't ready to do it, I was studying music to make y'all pop your top
Showing steady improvement, I calibrated every step of my awkward walk
I’m off of the coverage I’m combing the undertow, “where are ya wonder crops”
I'm celebrating all the over-medicated veterans indefinitely to have a better understanding
Of General Lee, and how he felt about the universe and generally
The same sentiment of bus unions, may categorize some blacks as sub-humans
We don't get down like that, the criminal intent of how I act
Got me discussing paramilitary tactics with a leftist weirdo on the census bureau
The crackling kinetic energy around them French braids comes from the planet's furnace re-purposed
For the hustle's various inertias I put the workers in burkas
For the political Whirling Dervish
My nigga free jazz's finances have overloaded them circuits
It's tedious selling them inebriates for the CIA achievement list
The edited gagged that failed Confederate flag draped over the petri dish
I remember when I was oblivious, a tight wad with an iPod
But then I got pulled over by them cops and got rolled up by the vice squad so I'm like
Fuck a cop, fuck a cop
I'm ready to drop a cop
Fuck a cop, fuck a cop
I'm ready to drop a cop, like he said
Fuck a cop, fuck a cop
We ready to drop them cops
Down a few levels off our importance in society, nigga

[Coda]
Yeah
Woah
Goodlifers
Los Angeles
Nigga I'm floating in the sky above everyone
Fuck a cop, fuck a cop
I'm ready to drop a cop
Fuck a cop, fuck a cop
I'm ready to drop a cop
Off the elemental table
Disable all of them motherfuckers and hook them niggas up with a USB cable
Right in they navel
Fuck a cop, fuck a cop

[x2]
Let me show you with teeth in my gun
Let me show you with grief in my puns

We were different then
More in touch with each other
We spoke more often
We were more likely to go back home



[Intro: Young Thug and  Lil Yachty]
Chance the motherfuckin' Rapper
With a capitalized, uh, times, not the times but you know what I'm saying, the times
Lil Boat
Chance
Thugger!
Lil Boat

[Hook: Chance the Rapper and Young Thug]
Am I the only nigga still care about mixtapes?
Am I the only nigga still care about mixtapes?
I'm the only nigga still care about mixtapes
Bad little bitch, wanna know how lips taste
(She curious, she curious)
I swear I'm the only nigga still care about mixtapes
Bad little bitch, wanna know how the lips taste

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
All I can hear is the third, ayy
All I can hear is the third, ayy
We don't know none of your words, ayy
We don't know none of your words, ayy
I love my women real tall, ayy
Type that can really play ball, ayy
You buy my hat at the park, ayy
Think I might really play ball, ayy
I got a link in my bio
My bitch do the salsa like pico de gallo
They gotta ask if they may, Cinco de Mayo
How can they call themselves bosses
When they got so many bosses
You gotta see what your boss say
I get it straight out the faucet
I ain't felt like this since the third Drought, third Carter drop
Told my momma third grade I'd be in the third Barbershop
And yeah, my momma got real worried when she heard college drop
But now I call the shots

[Hook: Chance the Rapper and Young Thug]
I'm the only nigga still care about mixtapes
Bad little bitch wanna know how lips taste
I swear I'm the only nigga still cares about mixtapes
Bad little bitch wanna know how lips taste

[Verse 2: Young Thug]
Bad little mama, she gettin' it Obama
She sting like a bumble bee, hot as the sauna
She shine like a Rollie, got that from her momma
Can't see me, can't be me, I'm ridin' like a panda
That booty gon' roll and it's outta control
And these bitches gon' fuck off respect and that loyalty
All my bitches lovin' me and they spoil me
Rub me down with that lotion, babe oil me
Drinking Actavis, baby I'm showin' me
In that choppa I see your perimeter
Change the culture, cause my ring is a solar
Wait one minute I told you
Yeah, I would like to know you
Yeah, you lucky like clovers
Yeah, the clothes no good
Mama I do it
The racks I pursue it
Just look at me baby
I came from the sewers
They love all the slime ball
Like they fuck all these cats on your slime dog
I got me some rings like I'm Bruce Bowen
I'm ballin' on you like I'm Chris Paul

[Hook: Chance the Rapper and Young Thug]
I'm the only nigga still care about mixtapes
Bad little bitch wanna know how lips taste
I swear I'm the only nigga still care about mixtapes
Bad little bitch wanna know how lips taste

[Verse 3: Lil Yachty]
Am I the only one who really care about cover art?
Growing up I ain't have my brother
'Cause he said the streets gave him a fresh start
I ain't know what that mean
I bumped heads with my dean
Dropped out and hit the scene
Now I'm stunting like bling
Time and time again, they told me no
They told me I wouldn't go
'Cause in high school all I cared about was hoes
Well, maybe that shit was my interest
Now I spend more than they make at my dentist
After 1Night the folks thought I was finished
I pinned my name to the game like a seamstress
Oh, bitch I bite like a gator
Fuck them reviews that they put in the paper
Did what I wanted, didn't care about a hater
Delivered my tape to the world as a caterer
Oh, they fuck with me cause I'm different
New sound, new appearance
Bitch, it's Boat from the 6
Give a fuck about a bitch
Walk out, my hand on my dick, I'm the shit

[Hook: Chance the Rapper and Young Thug]
I'm the only nigga still care about mixtapes
Bad little bitch wanna know how lips taste
I said am I the only nigga still care about mixtapes
Bad little bitch wanna know how lips taste



[Produced by Stevie J, Diddy, Nashiem Myrick and 6 July]

[Verse 1: Ma$e]
Now, who's hot, who not?
Tell me who rock, who sell out in the stores?
You tell me who flopped, who copped the blue drop?
Whose jewels got rocks?
Who's mostly Dolce down to the tube sock?
The same old pimp, Mase
You know ain't nothing change but my limp
Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp
Guarantee a million sales, call it level up
You don't believe in Harlem World, nigga, double up
We don't play around, it's a bet, lay it down
Niggas didn't know me '91, bet they know me now
I'm the young Harlem nigga with the Goldie sound
Can't no Ph.D. niggas hold me down
Cudda schooled me to the game, now I know my duty
Stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
True pimp niggas spend no dough on the booty
And then you yell, "There go Mase!", there go your cutie

[Hook: Kelly Price]
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

[Verse 2: Puff Daddy]
I'm the D to the A to the D-D-Y
Know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly
I call all the shots, rip all the spots
Rock all the rocks, cop all the drops
I know you thinking now, "When all the ballin' stops?"
Nigga never home, gotta call me on the yacht
Ten years from now we'll still be on top
Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop
Now what you gon' do with a crew
That got money much longer than yours
And a team much stronger than yours?
Violate me, this'll be your day, we don't play
Mess around, be D.O.A. be on your way
‘Cause it ain't enough time here
Ain't enough lime here for you to shine here
Deal with many women but treat dimes fair
And I'm bigger than the city lights down in Times Square

[Hook: Kelly Price]
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

[Verse 3: Notorious B.I.G.]
B-I-G P-O-P-P-A
No info for the DEA
Federal agents mad ‘cause I'm flagrant
Tap my cell and the phone in the basement
My team supreme, stay clean
Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that
Cat you see at all events bent
Gats in holsters, girls on shoulders
Playboy, I told ya, mere mics to me
Bruise too much, I lose too much
Step on stage, the girls boo too much
I guess it's ‘cause you run with lame dudes too much
Me lose my touch? Never that!
If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat
Where the true players at? Throw your Rolies in the sky
Wave 'em side to side and keep your hands high
While I give your girl the eye, player please
Lyrically, niggas see B.I.G be flossin’
Jig on the cover of Fortune, 5 double O
Here's my phone number, your man ain't got to know
I got the dough, got the flow down pizat
Platinum plus like thizat
Dangerous on trizacks, leave your ass flizat

[Hook repeats till end]
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see



[Intro: Sharon]
No matter what we face
We must face the moment of truth, baby

[Hook]
They say it's lonely at the top in whatever you do
You always gotta watch motherfuckers around you
Nobody's invincible, no plan is foolproof
We all must meet our moment of truth

[Verse 1: Guru]
The same sheisty cats that you hang with and do your thang with could set you up and wet you up nigga, peep the language
It's universal; you play with fire it may hurt you
Or burn you, lessons are blessings you should learn through
Let's face facts, although MCs lace tracks
It doesn't mean behind the scenes there ain't no dirt to trace back
That goes for all of us, there ain't nobody to trust
It's like sabotage, it's got me ready to bust
But I can't jeopardize what I have done up to this point
So I'ma get more guys to help me run the whole joint
Cultivate, multiply, motivate, or else we'll die
You know I be the master of the who, what, where and why
See when you're shining, some chumps'll wanna dull ya
Always selfish jealous punks will wanna pull ya
Down, just like some shellfish in a bucket
'Cause they love it to see your ass squirm like a worm
But just as you'll receive what is coming to you
Everybody else is gonna get theirs too
I ain't no saint, therefore I cannot dispute
That everyone must meet their moment of truth

[Hook]
Actions have reactions, don't be quick to judge
You may not know the hardships people don't speak up
It's best to step back, and observe with couth
For we all must meet our moment of truth

[Verse 2]
Sometimes you gotta dig deep when problems come near
Don't fear, things get severe for everybody everywhere
Why do bad things happen to good people?
Seems that life is just a constant war between good and evil
The situation that I'm facin' is mad amazin'
To think such problems can arise from minor confrontations
Now I'm contemplating in my bedroom, pacin'
Dark clouds over my head, my heart's racin'
Suicide? Nah, I'm not a foolish guy
Don't even feel like drinking or even getting high
'Cause all that's gonna do really is accelerate
The anxieties that I wish I could alleviate
But wait, I've been through a whole lot of other shit, before
So I oughta be able to withstand some more
But I'm sweating though, my eyes are turning red, and yo
I'm ready to lose my mind, but instead I use my mind
I put down the knife and take the bullets out my 9
My only crime was that I'm too damn kind
And now some scandalous motherfuckers wanna take what's mine
But they can't take the respect that I've earned in my lifetime
And you know
They'll never stop the furious force of my rhymes
So like they say, every dog has its day
And like they say, God works in a mysterious way
So I pray, remembering the days of my youth
As I prepare to meet my moment of truth

"You shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free!"

[Verse 3]
Yo, I got one lyric pointed at your head for start
Another one is pointed at your weak ass heart
Now if I pull the trigger on these fully loaded lines
You're gonna wish I would've pulled a black 9
I mack dimes, crack the spines of the fake gangsters
Yeah the biting trifling niggas and the studio pranksters
Yo, looking at the situation plainly: will you remain, G?
Or will you be looked upon strangely?
I reign as the articulator, with the greater data
Revolving on the TASCAM much doper than my last jam
While others struggle to juggle, tricky metaphors
I explore more to expose the core
A lot of emcees act stupid to me
And we have yet to see if they can match our longevity
But anyway, it's just another day
Another fake jack I slay with my spectac' rap display
Styles, smooth but rugged -- you can't push or shove it
You dig it and you dug it 'cause like money you love it
The king of monotone, with my own throne
Righteously violent prone my words bring winds like cyclones
Storming your hideout, blocking out your sunlight
Your image and your business were truly not done right
Throw up your He Allah Now Divine Saviours
You got no hand skills, there's no security to save ya
No pager, no celly, no drop top Benz-y
I came to bring your phony hip-hop to an ending
My art of war will leave you sore from the abuse
'Cause you must meet your moment of truth

[Hook]
They say it's lonely at the top in whatever you do
You always gotta watch motherfuckers around you
No one is untouchable, no man is bulletproof
We all must meet our moment of truth



[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
I got a story to tell
You know that I cherish thee
Hope it ain't too many feelings involved

[Chorus 1: Lil Wayne]
I see niggas in this bitch, stuntin', poppin' bottles
Gettin' drunk with these bitches
Then when they leave they get followed
Fall asleep with that bitch and really don't know much about her
Then she let us in, we take all of your shit
And when you wake up, she help you try to find it, I love it

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I be with bitches that be with bitches
That be with niggas with riches
I tell her, "Get 'em," she say, "I got you"
I say, "No, bitch, I say get him"
And they so pretty, and their hair lengthy
He hit it and sleep on her titties
Then she give us the word, we come through with AKs
It's a stick-up, she scream like a victim
Now you feelin' so silly
I smoke color purple, I'm up in here feelin' like Celie (Ooh)
Nappy-ass dreads, what's that you say?
Watch your mouth, Milli Vanilli (Ooh)
You can get snaked, you can get faked
Out by the bitch that you feelin'
'Cause you thought that she was an angel
That bitch ain't no angel, I treat her halo like a frisbee
And you tellin' your business, she tell me your business
You tell that bitch what you feelin'
All of the beans you be spillin'
To you, she lie through her teeth cavities, fillin's
She know where you hide to tell me where it's hidden
She know when you're gone, tell me when to visit
We break in your home and take the specifics
And meanwhile, the bitch is on vacation with him
So she don't get blamed, we don't snatch chains
We find out addresses, and we don't leave messes
You'll only know that it's gone when you check it
Then your first thought is to start second guessin'
She say, "What's wrong?" He say, "Nothin', keep restin'"
She say, "What's missin'?", "How you know somethin' missin'?"
He scratch his head, she say, "Get back in bed"
And she gave him some head
Boy, you can't trust them bitches, and then she say—ooh

[Chorus 2: Lil Wayne]
I see niggas in this bitch stuntin', poppin' bottles
Gettin' drunk with these bitches
Then when they leave they get followed
I be with bitches that know the bitches
That's with the niggas we followin'
Get them on the line, stay two cars behind
And tell them hoes, "Don't be so obvious!"
Mona Lisa, long hair, don't care
She handle the business and don't ever tell
She bite the bullet and cough up the shells
She tell 'em, "Ooh, daddy, let's go to your place!"
And if he say yeah, then we meet him there
She feed him lies with his silverware
She don't want love, she just want her share

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I know a bitch named Liz
This nigga think she his 'cause she tell him that it is
So he tell her all his secrets, he tell her all his fears
And then she tell me and I be all ears
And then I go and tell my people and they already know him
And then I call Liz and she say he comin' over
I say, "Good girl, just remember what I told ya"
She gave me the salute, I say, "Girl, you're a soldier"
We're waitin' outside, watch him pull up
Walk up to the door and right before he knock
She open the door naked, she left it unlocked
They started French kissin' so he didn't see moi
And then she let him in, they stopped on the couch
Music up loud with his head in the clouds
Turn that shit down and I scared the piss out of him
Piss a nigga off, put a gun to his frown
Nigga, turn around, I ain't here to fuck around
I ain't here to fuck around, caught you wit' your pants down
You know what it is, put your fuckin' hands up
Liz, that's enough, you can put your hands down
And then he looked dead at her and he shook his head at her
She a good actress and you a dead actor
You'll be dead after we get what we're after
If Liz call you daddy, she about to be a bastard, oh
I got way too many bitches that do anything for me, nigga
But think for me, nigga
Send her to you like she ain't for me, nigga
I hope you alone like bankruptcy, nigga
She pour you a drink, that drink on me, nigga
She slip somethin' in it, now think for me, nigga
Mona Lisa, I done painted the picture
Mo-Mona Lisa, out the frame on these niggas
Pussy got you out of character, nigga
You fall for these hoes off your ladder, my nigga
Take everything that you have 'til you don't even have an opinion
We have your attention
And now you're lookin' down a barrel though, nigga
Now she lookin' for her pantyhose, nigga
We just lookin' for the casserole, nigga
But she gon' show us where you stash it though, nigga
Mona

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Ah, every day she wake up with a different color makeup
And a promise he gone take her to the movie and the mall
Chillin' with the Laker, on the floor, fourth quarter
Four minute on the clock, Black Mamba with the ball
Paparazzi lookin' at 'em both poppin' up and take a picture, uh
Probably on a Internet blog
In a minute, he gon' be admittin' that he love her on his mother
Man, he want to meet her mother by tomorrow
Mona Lisa
Pussy good enough, it got him sinnin' in the walls
And he diggin' in it like he livin' in it
Make a new religion with it, man a nigga 'bout to go against God
Poetry in a pear tree
Sweet tone like a hummingbird when she asked him
Did he want to make love in a yellow taxi
Never gave two fuck, jumped in the backseat
Woke up in the morning to The Great Gatsby
Then he dogged it again like the bitch Lassie
I'm a dog in the wind, I'm a pit laughing
I'ma call up again like I did last week
Make good with the friend and I'm all jazzy
Britney with the twin and the girl Ashley
Found out that I fucked, he was unhappy
Bitch, I never let the bullshit get past me
Better yet, I wanna break up, don't you ask me
'Bout a motherfuckin' double standard, acting
Fucking on another nigga, that's a negative alone
But you sucked this dick, that's just nasty
Matter of fact, bitch, gimme your phone! (No!)
You fuckin' with Wayne's? (No!)
Bitch, gimme your phone! (No!)
Let me, let me take this call real quick
(… lick me like a lollipop) He on your fuckin' ringtone?
Is that the shit that you do?
Touchin' yourself, lookin' at Kendrick videos
Jump on the internet, watchin' his interviews
I don't know what the fuck lately got into you
Tell me who love you, I bet I love harder
Forgot all the shit that I did for your daughter?
The pampers, the Pedialyte and my momma
Daycare after school and she never did charge her
You scandalous as fuck and I hope you blow up
You know what, I give up, let me go get my gun
I got one in the chamber I'm plannin' on aimin'
Goddammit, you know that the damage is done
Bitch I'm emotional 'cause I'm in stress
I'm not supposed to go through this, I guess
So in conclusion, since you like rappers that's killin' that pussy
I'm killin' myself

[Outro: Lil Wayne & Kendrick Lamar]
She say, ooh, Daddy, ooh, Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa
Ooh, fake smile, Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa
She say, ooh, no emotion, Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa
Now he get the picture, Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa, yeah



[Produced by DJ Dahi]

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Uh, me and my niggas tryna get it, ya bish (ya bish)
Hit the house lick: tell me, is you wit' it, ya bish? (ya bish)
Home invasion was persuasive (was persuasive)
From nine to five I know it's vacant, ya bish (ya bish)
Dreams of livin' life like rappers do (like rappers do)
Back when condom wrappers wasn't cool (they wasn't cool)
I fucked Sherane and went to tell my bros (tell my bros)
Then Usher Raymond "Let It Burn" came on ("Let Burn" came on)
Hot sauce all in our Top Ramen, ya bish (ya bish)
Park the car, then we start rhymin', ya bish (ya bish)
The only thing we had to free our mind (free our mind)
Then freeze that verse when we see dollar signs (see dollar signs)
You lookin' like a easy come-up, ya bish (ya bish)
A silver spoon I know you come from, ya bish (ya bish)
And that's a lifestyle that we never knew (we never knew)
Go at a reverend for the revenue

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustlin' all day
This-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's just how I feel, nah, nah
A dollar might just fuck your main bitch
That's just how I feel, nah
A dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with
That's just how I feel, nah, nah
A dollar might just make that lane switch
That's just how I feel, nah
A dollar might turn to a million and we all rich
That's just how I feel

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Dreams of livin' life like rappers do (like rappers do)
Bump that new E-40 after school (way after school)
You know, “Big Ballin' With My Homies” (my homies)
Earl Stevens had us thinkin' rational (thinkin' rational)
Back to reality, we poor, ya bish (ya bish)
Another casualty at war, ya bish (ya bish)
Two bullets in my Uncle Tony head (my Tony head)
He said one day I'll be on tour, ya bish (ya bish)
That Louis Burger never be the same (won't be the same)
A Louis belt will never ease that pain (won't ease that pain)
But I'ma purchase when that day is jerkin' (that day is jerkin')
Pull off at Church's, with Pirellis skirtin' (Pirellis skirtin')
Gang signs out the window, ya bish (ya bish)
Hopin' all of 'em offend you, ya bish (ya bish)
They say your hood is a pot of gold (a pot of gold)
And we gon' crash it when nobody's home

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustlin' all day
This-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's just how I feel, nah, nah
A dollar might just fuck your main bitch
That's just how I feel, nah
A dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with
That's just how I feel, nah, nah
A dollar might just make that lane switch
That's just how I feel, nah
A dollar might turn to a million and we all rich
That's just how I feel

[Bridge: Anna Wise]
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way!
Love one of you bucket-headed hoes? No way!
Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way!
Hit the brakes when they on patrol? No way!
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way!
Love one of you bucket-headed hoes? No way!
Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way!
Hit the brakes when they on patrol? No way!

[Verse 3: Jay Rock]
Imagine Rock up in them projects
Where them niggas pick your pockets
Santa Claus don't miss them stockings
Liquors spillin', pistols poppin'
Bakin' soda YOLA whippin'
Ain't no turkey on Thanksgivin'
My homeboy just dome'd a nigga
I just hope the Lord forgive him
Pots with cocaine residue
Every day I'm hustlin'
What else is a thug to do
When you eatin' cheese from the government?
Gotta provide for my daughter n'em
Get the fuck up out my way, bish
Got that drum and I got them bands
Just like a parade, bish
Drop that work up in the bushes
Hope them boys don't see my stash
If they do, tell the truth
This the last time you might see my ass
From the gardens where the grass ain't cut
Them serpents lurkin', Blood
Bitches sellin' pussy, niggas sellin' drugs
But it's all good
Broken promises, steal your watch
And tell you what time it is
Take your J's and tell you to kick it where a FootLocker is
In the streets with a heater under my Dungarees
Dreams of me gettin' shaded under a money tree

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustlin' all day
This-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's just how I feel

[Outro]
K’s Mom: Kendrick, just bring my car back, man. I called in for another appointment. I figured you weren’t gonna be back here on time anyways. Look, shit, shit, I just wanna get out the house, man. This man is on one, he feelin' good as a motherfucker. Shit, I’m tryna get my thing goin', too. Just bring my car back. Shit, he faded. He feelin' good. Look, listen to him!
K’s Dad: Girl, girl, I want your body, I want your body, 'cause of that big ol’ fat ass. Girl, girl, I want your body, I want your body, 'cause of that big ol’ fat ass
K’s Mom: See, he high as hell. Shit, and he ain’t even trippin' off them damn dominoes anymore. Just bring the car back!
K’s Dad: Did somebody say dominoes?



[Intro: Bon Iver]
I shoot the lights out
Hide 'til it's bright out
Oh, just another lonely night
Are you willing to sacrifice your life?

[Intro Verse: Rick Ross]
Bitch, I'm a monster, no-good blood-sucker
Fat motherfucker, now look who's in trouble
As you run through my jungles all you hear is rumbles
Kanye West samples, here's one for example

[Hook: Kanye West]
Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga, I got it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
The best living or dead hands down, huh
Less talk, more head right now, huh
And my eyes more red than the devil is
And I'm 'bout to take it to another level, bitch
No matter who you go and get, ain't nobody cold as this
Do the rap and the track, triple double, no assists
And my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
Arguing with my older bitch, acting like I owe her shit
I heard that people sing raps to give the track pain
Bought the chain that always give me back pain
Fucking up my money so, yeah, I had to act sane
Chi nigga but these hoes love my accent
Chick came up to me and said, "This the number to dial
If you wanna make your number one your number two now"
Mix that Goose and Malibu, I call it "Malibooyah"
Goddamn, Yeezy, how he hit 'em with a new style?
Know that motherfucker well: "What you gonna do now?"
Whatever I want to do, gosh! It's cool now
Know I'm gonna do, ah, it's the new now
Think you motherfuckers really really need to cool out
'Cause you'll never get on top of this
So mommy, best advice is just to get on top of this
Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh?
Ahh, put the pussy in a sarcophagus
Now she claiming that I bruised her esophagus
Head of the class and she just won a swallowship
I'm living in the future so the present is my past
My presence is a present, kiss my ass

[Hook: Kanye West]
Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga, I got it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
Sasquatch, Godzilla, King Kong, Loch Ness
Goblin, ghoul, a zombie with no conscience
Question: What do these things all have in common?
Everybody knows I'm a motherfucking monster
Conquer, stomp ya, stop your silly nonsense
Nonsense, none of you niggas know where the swamp is
None of you niggas have seen the carnage that I've seen
I still hear fiends scream in my dreams
Murder, murder in black convertibles, I
Kill the block, I murder the avenues, I
Rape and pillage your village, women and children
Everybody want to know what my Achilles' heel is
Love, I don't get enough of it
All I get is these vampires and blood-suckers
All I see is these niggas I made millionaires
Milling about, spilling they feelings in the air
All I see is these fake fucks with no fangs
Tryna draw blood from my ice-cold veins
I smell a massacre
Seems to be the only way to back you bastards up

[Hook: Kanye West]
Gossip, gossip, nigga, just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga, I got it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'ma need to see your fucking hands

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
Pull up in the monster, automobile gangsta
With a bad bitch that came from Sri Lanka
Yeah I'm in that Tonka, color of Willy Wonka
You could be the king but watch the queen conquer
Okay, first things first, I'll eat your brains
Then I'ma start rocking gold teeth and fangs
'Cause that's what a motherfucking monster do
Hair dresser from Milan, that's the monster 'do
Monster Giuseppe heel, that's the monster shoe
Young Money is the roster and a monster crew
And I'm all up, all up, all up in the bank with the funny face
And if I'm fake, I ain't notice 'cause my money ain't
So let me get this straight, wait, I'm the rookie?
But my features and my shows ten times your pay?
50K for a verse, no album out
Yeah, my money's so tall that my Barbies got to climb it
Hotter than a Middle Eastern climate, violent
Tony Matterhorn, "Dutty Wine" it, wylin'
Nicki on them titties when I sign it
That's how these niggas so one-track-minded
But really, really I don't give a F-U-C-K
"Forget Barbie, fuck Nicki 'cause she's fake"
"She on a diet," but my pockets eating cheesecake
And I'll say, bride of Chucky, it's Child's Play
Just killed another career, it's a mild day
Besides, 'Ye, they can't stand besides me
I think me, you, and Am should ménage Friday
Pink wig, thick ass, give 'em whiplash
I think big, get cash, make 'em blink fast
Now look at what you just saw, this is what you live for
Aaaah, I'm a motherfucking monster!

[Outro: Bon Iver]
I, I crossed the limelight
And I'll, I'll let God decide
And I, I wouldn't last these shows
So I, I am headed home
I, I crossed the limelight
And I'll, I'll let God decide
And I, I wouldn't last these shows
So I, I am headed home
I, I crossed the limelight
And I'll, I'll let God decide
And I, I wouldn't last these shows
So I, I am headed home

[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean & Plain Pat]
[Video directed by Jake Nava]



[Produced by Sounwave]

[Hook 1]
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flow stay propellin'
Let these words be your earth and moon
You consume every message
As I lead this army make room for mistakes and depression
And with that being said my nigga, let me ask this question:

[Refrain 1]
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan-
(one two, one two)
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

[Hook 1]
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flow stay propellin'
Let these words be your earth and moon
You consume every message
As I lead this army make room for mistakes and depression
And with that being said my nigga, let me ask this question:

[Refrain 2]
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
Want you look to your left and right, make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

[Verse 1]
Do you believe in me? Are you deceiving me?
Could I let you down easily, is your heart where it need to be?
Is your smile on permanent? Is your vow on lifetime?
Would you know where the sermon is if I died in this next line?
If I’m tried in a court of law, if the industry cut me off
If the government want me dead, plant cocaine in my car
Would you judge me a drug-head or see me as K. Lamar
Or question my character and degrade me on every blog
Want you to love me like Nelson, want you to hug me like Nelson
I freed you from being a slave in your mind, you’re very welcome
You tell me my song is more than a song, it’s surely a blessing
But a prophet ain’t a prophet til they ask you this question:

[Refrain 2]
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
Want you look to your left and right, make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

[Hook 2]
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flow stay propellin'
Let my words be your earth and moon you consume every message
As I lead this army make room for mistakes and depression
And with that-

[Verse 2]
Do you believe in me? How much you believe in her?
You think she gon’ stick around if them 25 years occur?
You think he can hold you down when you down behind bars hurt?
You think y’all on common ground if you promise to be the first? Can you be immortalized without your life being expired?
Even though you share the same blood is it worth the time?
Like who got your best interest?
Like how much are you dependent?
How clutch are the people that say they love you?
And who pretending?
How tough is your skin when they turn you in?
Do you show forgiveness?
What brush do you bend when dusting your shoulders from being offended?
What kind of den did they put you in when the lions start hissing?
What kind of bridge did they burn?
Revenge or your mind when it’s mentioned?
You wanna love like Nelson,  you wanna be like Nelson
You wanna walk in his shoes but you peacemaking seldom
You wanna be remembered that delivered the message
That considered the blessing of everyone
This your lesson for everyone, say

[Refrain 2]
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
Want you look to your left and right, make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

[Hook 3]
The voice of Mandela, hope my flow stay propellin'
Let my word be your Earth and moon
You consume every message
As I lead this army make room for mistakes and depression
And if you riding with me, nigga

[Verse 3]
I been wrote off before, I got abandonment issues
I hold grudges like bad judges, don’t let me resent you
That’s not Nelson-like, want you to love me like Nelson
I went to Robben’s Island analysing, that’s where his cell is
So I could find clarity, like how much you cherish me
Is this relationship a fake or real as the heavens be?
See I got to question it all, family, friends, fans, cats, dogs
Trees, plants, grass, how the wind blow
Murphy’s Law, generation X, will I ever be your X?
Floss off a baby step, mauled by the mouth of
Pit bulls, put me under stress
Crawled under rocks, ducking y’all, it’s respect
But then tomorrow, put my back against the wall
How many leaders you said you needed then left ‘em for dead?
Is it Moses, is it Huey Newton or Detroit Red?
Is it Martin Luther, JFK, shoot or you assassin
Is it Jackie, is it Jesse, oh I know, it’s Michael Jackson, oh

[Refrain 3]
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
That nigga gave us "Billie Jean", you say he touched those kids?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

[Hook 4]
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flow stay propelling
Let my word be your earth and moon you consume every message
As I lead this army make room for mistakes and depression
And if you riding with me nigga, let me ask this question nigga

[Spoken Outro: Kendrick Lamar & 2Pac]
"I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power, full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screaming in the hotel room
I didn’t wanna self destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went running for answers
Until I came home
But that didn’t stop survivor’s guilt
Going back and forth trying to convince myself the stripes I earned
Or maybe how A-1 my foundation was
But while my loved ones was fighting the continuous war back in the city
I was entering a new one
A war that was based on apartheid and discrimination
Made me wanna go back to the city and tell the homies what I learned
The word was respect
Just because you wore a different gang color than mine's
Doesn’t mean I can’t respect you as a black man
Forgetting all the pain and hurt we caused each other in these streets
If I respect you, we unify and stop the enemy from killing us
But I don’t know, I’m no mortal man
Maybe I’m just another nigga”
Shit and that’s all I wrote
I was gonna call it "Another Nigga" but, it ain’t really a poem
I just felt like it’s something you probably could relate to
Other than that, now that I finally got a chance to holla at you
I always wanted to ask you about a certain situa-
About a metaphor actually, uh, you spoke on the ground
What you mean by that, what the ground represent?

The ground is gonna open up and swallow the evil
Right
That’s how I see it, my word is bond
I see—and the ground is the symbol for the poor people
Right
The poor people is gonna open up this whole world
And swallow up the rich people
'Cause the rich people gonna be so fat
And they gonna be so appetizing, you know what I’m saying Wealthy, appetizing
The poor gonna be so poor, and hungry
Right
You know what I’m saying, it’s gonna be like
You know what I'm saying, it's gonna be...
There might, there might be some cannibalism out this muh-fu-
They might eat the rich, you know what I'm saying?

Aight so let me ask you this then
Do you see yourself as somebody that’s rich
Or somebody that made the best of they own opportunities?

I see myself as a natural born hustler
A true hustler in every sense of the word
I took nothin’, I took the opportunities
I worked at the most menial and degrading job
And built myself up so I could get it to where I owned it
I went from having somebody managing me
To me hiring the person that works my management company
I changed everything, I realized my destiny
In a matter of five years, you know what I’m saying?
I made myself a millionaire, I made millions for a lot of people
Now it’s time to make millions for myself, you know what I’m saying?
I made millions for the record companies
I made millions for these movie companies
Now I make millions for, for us

And through your different avenues of success
How would you say you managed to keep a level of sanity?

By my faith in God, by my faith in the game
And by my faith in "all good things come to those that stay true"
Right
You know what I’m saying?
And it was happening to me for a reason
You know what I’m saying, I was noticing, shit
I was punching the right buttons and it was happening
So it’s no problem, you know
I mean, it’s a problem but I’m not finna let them know
I’m finna go straight through

Would you consider yourself a fighter at heart or somebody that
Somebody that only reacts when they back is against the wall?

Shit, I like to think that at every opportunity I’ve ever been, uh Threatened with resistance, it’s been met with resistance
And not only me but, it goes down my family tree
You know what I’m saying, it’s in my veins to fight back

Aight well, how long will you think it take before niggas be like
"We fighting a war, I’m fighting a war I can’t win
And I wanna lay it all down"

In this country, a black man only have like
5 years we can exhibit maximum strength
And that’s right now while you a teenager, while you still strong
While you still wanna lift weights, while you still wanna shoot back
'Cause once you turn 30 it’s like
They take the heart and soul out of a man
Out of a black man, in this country
And you don’t wanna fight no more
And if you don’t believe me, you can look around
You don’t see no loud mouth 30-year old motherfuckers

That’s crazy, because me being one of your offsprings
Of the legacy you left behind, I can truly tell you that
There’s nothing but turmoil goin’ on so, I wanted ask you
What you think is the future for me and my generation today?

I think that niggas is tired of grabbin' shit out the stores
And next time it's a riot it's gonna be like, uh, bloodshed
For real, I don’t think America know that
I think America think we was just playing
And it’s gonna be some more playing but
It ain’t gonna be no playing
It’s gonna be murder, you know what I’m saying?
It’s gonna be like Nat Turner, 1831, up in this motherfucker
You know what I’m saying, it’s gonna happen

That’s crazy man, in my opinion
Only hope that we kinda have left is music and vibrations
Lot a people don’t understand how important it is, you know
Sometimes I can like, get behind a mic
And I don’t know what type of energy I’ma push out
Or where it comes from, trip me out sometimes

Because it's spirits, we ain’t even really rappin’
We just letting our dead homies tell stories for us
Damn

I wanted to read one last thing to you
It’s actually something a good friend had wrote
Describing my world, it says:
“The caterpillar is a prisoner to the streets that conceived it
Its only job is to eat or consume everything around it
In order to protect itself from this mad city
While consuming its environment
The caterpillar begins to notice ways to survive
One thing it noticed is how much the world shuns him
But praises the butterfly
The butterfly represents the talent, the thoughtfulness
And the beauty within the caterpillar
But having a harsh outlook on life
The caterpillar sees the butterfly as weak
And figures out a way to pimp it to his own benefits
Already surrounded by this mad city
The caterpillar goes to work on the cocoon
Which institutionalizes him
He can no longer see past his own thoughts
He’s trapped
When trapped inside these walls certain ideas take root, such as
Going home, and bringing back new concepts to this mad city
The result?
Wings begin to emerge, breaking the cycle of feeling stagnant
Finally free, the butterfly sheds light on situations
That the caterpillar never considered, ending the internal struggle
Although the butterfly and caterpillar are completely different
They are one and the same"
What’s your perspective on that?
Pac? Pac? Pac?!



[Spoken Word: Ariel Wendt]
Through the quicksand, the wind, and the bush in between
Someone has to shine
The boys of the wild found each other during their time of need
And chose to turn to each other in order to grow
Learn, learn, share, hope
Running away from home, facing the fears of the real world
Maintaining to hold on to the idea that connected them all to this is difficult
Challenging, there's something different in the air
The clouds are changing, weapons, love, heartbreak, and everything in between
Dirty, filthy boys
Don't let this one die



[Verse 1]
Dance with the lights on
Snakes and a python, wrong with your haircut?
Hand on the bible
Stage with the light show, bed with the bedbugs
Check if the mic on
For the check that I sign on, tell me what I'm worth
Sleep when it's bedtime
Gave up the airtime, whole city graveyard

[Hook 1]
Most of these dudes played varsity ball
Now, most of these dogs in jail or they gone
Yeah, and most of me dogs call most women hoes
While most of the youth blamed most of the suits

[Verse 2]
Album got a deadline
Blog with a headline, always ahead line
Dapped in the Alpine
Whole city bedtime, most of us flatline
Most of us die young
Niggas been starvin', all of us diet
Ball with a ballpoint
Lie to the All-Knowing like he not all-knowing

[Hook 2]
Most of these dude don't wanna be thugs
But most of these news call most of us thugs
And most of these shooters be the boys in the blue
And most of these doors don't open and close

[Post-Hook]
Ay, most these niggas starve for so long, get a plate and
Forget to thank God, they forgot to say grace, hey
Most people, they only want to be seen, hey
Most people, they only want to be seen, hey (uh, uh, you can)
Mark my word, where I'm from isn't safe
(Mark my word, where I'm from isn't safe)
I'ma stay up out the Lawn
'Cause I don't want some snakes, hey
(I'ma stay up out the Lawn
'Cause I don't want some snakes, hey)
Most people, they were taught by the fake, hey
(Most who think they real, they were taught by the fake, hey)
Most people, they only want to be seen, hey
(Most these niggas hard, only want to be seen, 'een)

[Verse 3]
Ridin' with a new scent, chain like a new noose
Cop in the rear-view, save all your two cents
Try and catch me like Mewtwo, they'll be happy to shoot you
Life not some sitcom
Streamin' on Hulu, there's no one to the rescue
No one to defend you
They know that I've been through
What most of 'em been through

[Hook 3]
Most of the youth in love with a gun
'Cause most of the young don't wanna be young
And most of these dogs don't love anymore
We know where they go, like we readin' a palm

[Post-Hook]
Ay, most these niggas starve for so long, get a plate and
Forget to thank God, they forgot to say grace, hey
Most people, they only want to be seen, hey
Most people, they only want to be seen, hey (uh, uh, you can)
Mark my word, where I'm from isn't safe
(Mark my word, where I'm from isn't safe)
I'ma stay up out the Lawn
'Cause I don't want some snakes, hey
(I'ma stay up out the Lawn
'Cause I don't want some snakes, hey)
Most people, they were taught by the fake, hey
(Most who think they real, they were taught by the fake, hey)
Most people, they only want to be seen, hey
(Most these, niggas hard, only want to be seen, 'een)

[Skit: Chance The Rapper]
Yo, Chance The Rapper here
Uh, playin' drums
Learnin' how to play the drums
Has always been on my bucket list
Um, drummers just...they get the girl



[Intro]
Stand, pause, turn, turn
Stand, pause, turn, turn
Stand, pause, turn, turn
Stand, pause, turn, turn
I'm gone
After you said what you did
There ain't no way I'm coming back
Spill the wine
Return the gifts
I'm out of here

[Verse 1]
(Let me explain)
(Let me explain)
I don't want to ruin your ball-gown
Because I'm not feeling law-bound
You can probably coffee-grind by body-mind into a psychotropic compound
An ice age will thaw before I'm able to play ball
Your cryptic texts aren't state law
Yet read like an algebraic scroll
But I know you're gone
After that gut wrenching shout match
And my out of whack palm read, got me on leave
In this outback with some lounge act
But don't crossbreed with my ennui it's a mousetrap
For the besmirched and weakened
I'm like a jerkhead telling you to twerk for the church of England
My advice stay so socratic, don't panic if I'm looking like a dope addict
Because I'm depressed as shit
Knowing that my capricious lover is a migrant bird
Your absence caused quiet stirs
That progressed into a violent dirge
Of victim blaming and miscellaneous quips to prove that my discourse's boyish
I had my heart explained to me
I was drawn to quarters by hoarse voices
But you forgot to listen to me when I said

[Pre-Chorus]
I'm impossible to love and cannot keep an open mind
So you left me where I was
Shredded in your motion lines
(x2)

[Chorus]
We never touched on it, touched on it
What we left
To be in love and treated love like a brush with death
We never touched on it
(x2)

[Verse 2]
This shit is depressing, man. Get over it
Slice at the knuckle where the mind bends
And I become a motherfucker fucker times ten
Crisis all look enormous when your body suffers a sugar shortage
I'll cook a swordfish or prep any gourmet platter to stimulate your gray matter
Girl, this rap shit left me worse for wear
And I ain't got that perfect hair, my love feels like a cervix tear
But you kissed me by my desk light
Cause you're looking like my next wife
Cause you're looking like my next wife
Cause you're looking like my next wife
I'm here burning midnight oil
Soaking gravitas into cotton swabs
In return I get tight coils of human waste as toothpaste
Oh I get it, I'm old news, a motherfucking brontosaurus
And to think that I invited you to my underwater forest
A thousand fuck-you’s sprung-loaded in a balled up fist
I open my palms and my eyelids become two devolved pussy lips
And I deserve it

[Pre-Chorus]

[Chorus]



[Produced by Infamous and Drew Correa]

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yo, yo Drew and Inf
This-this, this right here is crazy
Yo I, I feel big, you know what I mean?
Like, not, not big in the sense of, weight
You know what I mean? Like gainin' weight or nothin' like that
Like colossal
Like, you know what I mean, like (sighs)
I heard you were lookin' for me

[Hook: Sha-Ron Prescott & Lil Wayne]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hello)
Tell me, where have you been? (Haha, you know, hehe)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (I know, haha)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hey, hello)
Tell me, where have you been? (Shit, you know)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (Hahahah)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, to you forever, from me to you
I heard somebody say "Church", I'ma need a suit
I'ma need a coupe, I won't need a roof
Flyer than Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice
I got the flow, I'm tryin' to see the roof
Didn't wear a bulletproof so I got shot and you can see the proof
Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth
Wonder if Stevie do?
But I'ma leave it to God, not Beaver, neither you
Cause I'ma murder Y, kill O, and even U
Man, I got Summer hatin' on me cause I'm hotter than the sun
Got Spring hatin' on me 'cause I ain't never sprung
Winter hatin' on me 'cause I'm colder than y'all
And I will never, I will never, I will never Fall
I'm being hated by the seasons
So fuck y'all who hatin' for no reason

[Hook: Sha-Ron Prescott & Lil Wayne]
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him!)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world and I'm back again!
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', hah!)
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him!)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again!
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', hah!)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I been in and out the bank, bitch
While y'all asshole niggas been on the same shit
I flush and watch 'em go down the drain quick
Two words you never hear: "Wayne quit!?"
Cause Wayne win, and they lose
I call 'em April babies, cause they fools
And when they snooze, we up!
Feet up, like a paraplegia
Or paraplegic? I parallel park
In that red-and-yellow thing; old school Atlanta Hawk
Like I'm from College Park, but I'm from Hollygrove
Now all my Bloods scream "Soo-woo" and "Da-da-doe"
I know my role and I play it well
And I weigh it well, on my Libra scale
I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy, leave it there
Long hair, don't even care

[Hook: Sha-ron Prescott & Jay-Z]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Young! I am him)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin')
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', chyeah)

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
I'm right here in my chair with my crown and my dear
Queen B, as I share, mic time with my heir
Young Carter, go farther, go further, go harder
Is that not why we came? And if not, then why bother?
Show no mercy in Murcielagos
I'm far from bein' the bastard that Marcy had fathered
Now my name's been mentioned with the martyrs
The Biggies and the Pacs and the Marleys and the Marcuses
Garvey; got me a molotov-cocktail flow
Even if you box well, can't stop the blows
Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room
The dope boy I just came off the spoon
Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto-
Pilot, while guys just stare at my wardrobe
I see Euros, that's right: plural
I took so much change from this rap game, it's your go
(Hey Mr. Carter) Young!

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
It's my go, yeah… And I'ma go so opposite of soft
Off the richter, Hector, Camacho Man, Randy Savage
Far from average, above status–quo, flow so pro
I know, I ride slow, and when I pass
They say, "What up, killa?" Man, stop bringin' up my past
And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z
Don't forget Weezy, baby!

[Hook: Sha-Ron Prescott, Lil Wayne & Choir]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Amen)
Tell me, where have you been? (Yeah)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (Haha)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Amen)
Tell me, where have you been? (Hova!)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching (Weezy)
They've been wondering why (Baby!)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hahaha)
Tell me, where have you been? (I been hustlin')
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching (Hustlin' hard)
They've been wondering why (Chyeah!)
Hey, Mr. Carter
Tell me, where have you been?
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
And I swear to everything, when I leave this Earth
It's gonna be on both feet, never knees in the dirt
And you can try me, fucker, but when I squeeze, it hurt
Fine, we'll lose two lives; yours and mine
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve
At the funeral parlor, drippin' tears down my sleeve
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve



[Intro: André 3000]
Yeah, this one right here goes out
To all the baby's mamas' mamas
Mamas, mamas, baby mamas' mamas
Yeah, go like this

[Hook: André 3000]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
My baby drama mama don't like me
She be doin' things like havin' them boys come from her neighborhood to the studio, tryna fight me
She need to get a piece of the American pie and take her bite out
That's my house, I'll disconnect the cable and turn the lights out
And let her know her grandchild is a baby and not a pay check
Private school, daycare, shit, medical bills—I pay that
I love your mom and everything
But see, I ain't the only one who laid down
She wanna rib you up to start a custody war
My lawyers stay down
Shit, you never got a chance to hear my side of the story
We was divided
She had fish fries and cookouts for my child's birthday
I ain't invited, despite it
I show her the utmost respect when I fall through
All you do is defend that lady when I call you, yeah

[Hook]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times

[Bridge: André 3000]
Me and your daughter got a special thing goin' on
You say it's puppy love, we say it's full-grown
Hope that we feel this, feel this way forever
You can plan a pretty picnic
But you can't predict the weather, Ms. Jackson

[Verse 2: André 3000]
Ten times out of nine, now if I'm lyin', find
The quickest muzzle, throw it on my mouth and I'll decline
King meets queen, then the puppy love thing
Together dream 'bout that crib with the Goodyear swing
On the oak tree, I hope we feel like this forever
Forever, forever ever? Forever ever
Forever never seems that long until you're grown
And notice that the day-by-day ruler can't be too wrong
Ms. Jackson, my intentions were good, I wish I could
Become a magician to abracadabra all the sadder
Thoughts of me, thoughts of she, thoughts of he
Askin' what happened to the feelin' that her and me had
I pray so much about it, need some knee pads
It happened for a reason, one can't be mad
So know this, know that everything's cool
And yes, I will be present on the first day of school
And graduation

[Hook]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
"Look at the way he treats me"
Shit, look at the way you treat me
You see, your little nosy-ass homegirls
Done got your ass sent up the creek, G
Without a paddle, you left to straddle and ride this thing on out
And I knew you and your girl ain't speakin' no more
‘Cause my dick all in her mouth
Know what I'm talkin' about?
Jealousy, infidelity, envy, cheating, beating
In the year two to the G, they be the same thing
So who you placin' the blame on?
You keep on singin' the same song
Let bygones be bygones, you can go on and get the hell on
You and your mama

[Hook]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times



[Hook]
Um, who the fuck are you talkin' about if you ain't talkin' about us?
I go so deep, you know we don't sleep and I been awake for months
Going too dumb is our rule of thumb so, who is such and such?
My homies doing too much
Suit up, boot up, you what
You know we doing too much
You know we doing too much
You know we doing too much
Now you know all about us
We doing too much, now you know how to go like this

[Verse 1]
Imagine, the day you win, they gonna say you way too lit and exchange it quick
Recall the awkward dude who I once was
They stretch that swagger into metadata in the rumor mill
Now you got your syndicated show and your movie deal
But ladies say your music kill, but you can't pass no background check
And you may have a boarding pass to hop up on that outbound jet
But you're doing too much
Let me show you how to
With a little artful solo we can all play Marco Polo
With the creation myth, the bits between your ears ain't jailbroken
You may be doing way too much when executives say you suck
In the deal memo, in short hand, while the tour van got the tail smoking
The propagandists hate all this literary zest, and, my itinerary's in French
Because my past commentaries, that shit's incendiary at best
And you was each and every sense
And I'm the reason why you walking out
The only thing you talk about

[Hook]
Um, who the fuck are you talkin' about if you ain't talkin' about us?
I go so deep, you know we don't sleep and I been awake for months
Going too dumb is our rule of thumb so, who is such and such?
My homies doing too much
Suit up, boot up, you what
You know we doing too much
You know we doing too much
You know we doing too much
Now you know all about us
We doing too much, now you know how to go like this

[Verse 2]
And now you on the honor roll on the roll so you bricking jumpers
The unemployed black astronauts are out there stripping Hummers
But it ain't no big bummer, Barbara's the actress and mixing colors
But it's not like I grow weed to turn up all my Biofeed
I'm a wild steed
And I'm just doing all of my favorite stuff
And I'm doing too much
I may dislocate my rotator cuff
And I'm doing too much
I'm probably gonna get these Gators scuffed
I can rap so pimp, tax exempt
Whoa
Me branching out is tantamount to an overflow, I played electric blues in dress shoes on the corner store, so spread the news
Checking some coffee brand I end up getting body scanned
On the way into Nottingham, they've criminalized my negritude
I'm just doing all of my favorite stuff
And I'm doing too much
I may dislocate my rotator cuff
And I'm doing too much
I'm just doing all of my favorite stuff, yeah

[Hook]
Um, who the fuck are you talkin' about if you ain't talkin' about us?
I go so deep, you know we don't sleep and I been awake for months
Going too dumb is our rule of thumb so, who is such and such?
My homies doing too much
Suit up, boot up, you what
You know we doing too much



Yo yo Gu-rizzi, yo
Yo whassup son?
Yo man, youknowhatImean? I need this money man
Get up out in these, in these streets man
Yo, so what's the deal God?
I'm sayin, what you need though?
Yo let me have like, two or three, three G's man
I'm sayin, I'm sayin son man
You know what happened last time though
I gotta do what I gotta do man, I gotta eat man
Whassup man? Oh your baby momma stressin you? ...

Way past the days of the deuce me and you stays a crew
Only a few percent knew what me and you went through
We've been sent to dominate, these corny come-lates
And set this crooked rap shit straight from Crenshaw to Castlegate
Like Pete and CL, I reminisce over days
From the streets of Boston to New York and all the ways
For certain niggas to blow up, and crime paid
But my praise goes to the most high
Cause some nights I got so wild yo, I almost died
Some stuff I got into, really scarred my mental
Pops wasn't tryin to hear it, cause of what he been through
Still, like my nigga Havoc said, sometimes you gotta
Hit your crew off, so they can make some bread
Cause no matter the weather, niggas be needin cheddar
And things in this world are more fucked up than ever
So let's make this bond to keep this hip-hop strong
You a man Baby Pop you know right from wrong
So stay out of trouble, and that goes for me too
That's what we need to do, that's my advice to you...

You remember what happened last time, when you got knocked
Doin your thing, sewin shit up on the block
You need to stop, fore you get caught again
Or you get shot and I lose another friend

"Any man with the plan is precise with his life"

"Think twice"

My advice to you, cut down on champagne and booze
For a nigga like me, most time that shit's bad news
It's like lightin a fuse whether it's sneakers or shoes
Cause somebody always wanna step up to start a feud
It's like Set-tin It Off but not the movie
Plus let's get some real women forget floozies and the groupies
Cause they spell mad problems from Watts to Harlem
And the bullshit won't stop long as the world's revolvin
And I recall when niggas knew my pops had clout
But they didn't know my sorry ass was gettin kicked out
And they was seein if I wanted to come bubble with them
And make my ends triple and double with them
And get in trouble with them, now memories of them
I wear em in my heart like a emblem
I doubt we'd ever be bigtime sellin dope coke or dust
It's killin us, let's take our people and make a exodus
Annhilation, inhalation through the lungs
Or extermination, by the use of dirty guns
Triple beam dreams and drug schemes of mad cream
Could be a sad scene when you go to that extreme

"Any man with the plan is precise with his life"

"Think twice"

"My advice is to you..."



[Verse 1]
They blew up my auntie’s building
Put out her great grandchildren
Who else in America
Deserves to have that feeling
Where else in America
Will they blow up yo village
Don't knock me down
Don't knock me down
I beg you, I'm just chilling
I’ll fight you all, I'm willing
Just show me who’s that villain
I don't see one, I don't see one
I can't find nobody
Chicago or Benghazi
A high rise without no lobby
Run up stairwells like Rocky
'Cause these elevators so sloppy
Stop me now if I'm lyin'
But I don't need your buy in
Heard a hundred sirens
Attention’s undivided
I was in there, she lived there
She raised a few of her kids there
No lobby
No swimming pool
No need in buying no swimwear
Got memories from in high chairs
I stayed quiet like Ice Bear
They say America fights fair
But they won't demolish your timeshare
Blew up my auntie’s building
Put out her great grandchildren
That building cost 10 million
Now an empty lot not filled in
It was people there and kids there
And drug dealers and church folk
And they hit that shit with a wrecking ball so hard
Thought the whole earth broke
All them people dispersed though
Federal to commercial
State demolished my circle
I guess everywhere is my turf though

[Outro]
That's the sound of them tearing my body down, to the ground
That's the sound of them tearing my body down, to the ground
That's the sound of them tearing my body down, to the ground
That's the sound of them tearing my body down, to the ground
That's the sound of them tearing my body down, to the ground



[Verse 1]
Tell Theresa May to let me in
I've been going in since 2010
It gotta be the color of my skin
Cause there's nigga's there
That doing more damage than my pen, man
Said some old lines was offensive
I was young, I can't apologize for that shit
They took my fiction literature for literal
I ain't no motherfuckin' criminal
The fuck is the problem, my record ain't got no smudges
Shit is clean as a whistle, and they just blow in them grudges
Let the kids see a show, that's what they waiting to see
It ain't no drugs on my bus, boy, my edges are straighter than me
So what the fuck is the problem? That lil Black boy made it
He's got a little bit of power and these white niggas hate it
And now he talking shit again, his stupid ass should have waited, fuck
They said I was a bad influence to who?
The camouflage following niggas like you?
Or all the free thinkers that know what it do?
Cause I'm one of them
See Ace is a king, I don't need your respect
So I made my own shoes, fuck that royalty check
I don't need your opinion, keep a mirror on deck
So don't you talk to me

[Hook]
It might just be my ego
It might just be my ego
It might just be my ego right now
Clancy you should calm me down
It's my ego
Or maybe it's my ego
It might just be my motherfuckin' ego

[Verse 2]
Well maybe it's my motherfuckin' ego when I'm ruling the world
And I ain't proving shit to niggas who just want me to fail
Niggas is fronting saying we distant cousins
While y'all pants was always flowing, all my trousers was flooded
Mad niggas be watching my moves, I never copped my props
For everybody and they momma got a problem with shock
Y'all niggas trash, y'all niggas trash (Goddamn lies is over niggas)
Same niggas laugh when you making shit
Then three years later wanna emulate the shit you did
Y'all pay the price
Ask some old friends, that shit is over and finished
Look around in the crowd, them niggas not even attendance
That shit is done, and Lionel  my witness
But I had to move on cause I can't fuck with them niggas
I shut it down
Now wow, now he's saying that one day
He found his wings, now he using 'em on his runway
Pink yellow, blue and orange, shit is dark
Different pattern, you say the same shit from the start
Niggas I am a wave, y'all just fuck with the sharks
And I got flames on my pants cause I walk how I talk
So keep them comments, keep them comments, keep them comments, boy
When it's said and done my pockets gon' be filled with commas, boy
Y'all [?], y'all saying this
Y'all niggas say that shit is gross, that shit is nasty, eww get away boy, I'm good

[Outro]
And if you see my old friends, tell 'em that I really miss 'em but I'm good
And if you see some bad times, tell 'em I don't really miss 'em, boy I'm good
And if you see my old self, tell him not to worry cause he'll be good
Sorry my feelings is running, GOLF 2016, thank you niggas for coming
I'm out, I'm out



Mary, you make me wanna eat you
Everytime I see you, it's like the first time I meet you
Fragrance like a flower, subtle and sweet too
Seductive and whatever, it might as well be see through
Like my genie in a bottle
Miss could get me rich like a magaziney model
Before you know it, he have her on a stroll
Fresh and ripe, complexion like Acapulco Gold
If I had to guess, just right, not a day old
Like a cradle robber, copped her off, shop a trailer-load
Know the right number, you can get her
And hit it while you would've sold to the highest bidder like
Fruits and berries, bring daddy loot in a hurry
Just be cute, and don't worry
Type to make a nigga hallucinate and admit it
Then she started losing weight and letting everybody hit it

Unlike Ally (sometimes she gets bitter)
Always kept me happy, never had a problem with her
She used to let me use her, back when I was looser
Respect her until to this day and never did abuse her
I told her I'll be faithful, but she don't believe me
I probably could've been, if I'd never meet Evie
She make me feel all fuzzy inside, it's loco
You won't get nowheres near her if you're broke though

Kept a shorty, man, find 'em much thinner
If caught I get mad time just for touching her
Knock wood, so much for hymens
So fly, she should be in the sky with diamonds
Little young thing, she liked to do the tongue thing
At times, she would play hard to get, fronting
Or something, she made me feel like the number one king
Run into her now, and we still catch a fun fling
Met her out in Central Park--that's one sign
Had the God mentally sparked, reflecting sunshine
She said "you need to stop messing with that white girl
She fucking with your head and got your heart in a tight curl"
We messed around once or twice, but she don't know me
She helped me get money at the dunce price OT
Plus she from Colombia, so she really Spanish
Cookie known to make a cat bank account vanish

And Miss Hazy, older woman, mature black
Everytime she sees me, I end up gettin towed back
All she want me to do is blaze it crazy
The only one complaint is, she make me too lazy
Sugar-mommy laced me with the butter navy Avi
Just her way to make up for the headaches that she gave me
It's all gravy, when I'm done getting my mack on
Ally is always there to help me get back on



[Hook]
I've lived
Yes I've lived a life that's full
I've traveled each, and every highway
Much more, much more than this
I did it my way...

[Verse 1]
It go my way, Chi-Way, this way or the highway
Shots'll lay you off on your day off, like Friday
The ROC got 'Ye, but they ain't snortin' it
They just got him up at Baseline recordin' shit
Yeah I've been broke, now I'm good, bitch
I ain't no Kennedy, but I'm hood rich
So I say my way to thank you to the ghetto
And everybody else, thank you very little
I took the road less traveled, the unbeaten path
I've been beaten, but never broken through the darkest past
It's sort of like when King spoke and said we free at last
Ain't nothin' free from that point, though, we needed cash
And we need it fast
We broker than Ethiopians just tryin' to eat at last
Now all the blacks cookin' up, they're almost white
Cause gettin' green makes 'em treat us like we almost white
Almost

[Hook]


[Verse 2]
It go my way, Chi-Way, this way or the highway
Niggas wanna diss K on their local mix-tapes
There they go again, lyin' to consumers
Get they hair cut in the Little Shop of Rumors
You lil' sloppy with your cockiness ain't ya?
A little arrogant with all your comparisons
Cause as far as the Chi, I got the most plaques
Since the beginnin' of rap and nah, y'all ain't mentionin' that
Y'all just talk about my dough, how I left Chicago
How I'm the only one eatin', shut your pie hole
And wanna figure out why I'm gettin' it high though?
Why? Cause you need fire, and I'm a pyro!
And you a parrot, you copy what I do and say?
Only difference between you and me, you were gay
Awww, did he get his feelin's hurt?
Nawww, he's got titties under his shirt

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
It go my way, Chi-Way, this way or the highway
When you walk straight, niggas tend to look at you sideways
I say, fuck that, dog, I get my own way
Niggas ain't believe me, 'til they see me on TV
And seen K freely, gettin' head on the freeway
Then pass her to Freeway, just like it's a relay
We stay four stars or better
Cause the couches in the rooms got more leather
And we gon' flip Carter, when we could afford better
And back, before Benzes, when we could afford Jettas
You still dress Ardjo, but only pay partial
Stay gettin' somethin' off layaway at Marshall's
Polo and Carbesher's, we into them things dawg
Back in '96, we was livin' like kings dawg
40 cal.s or better, tottin' them things dawg
So up the Turkish snake, and take them rings off

[Hook]



[Produced by Kanye West]

[Verse: Common]
Yeah
They say home is where the hate is, my dome is where fate is
I stroll where souls get lost like Vegas
Seen through the eyes of rebel glasses
Pray to God that my arms reach the masses
The young smoke grass in grassless jungles
Rubber band together in cashless bundles
We wear strugglin chains, divided only hustle remains
Makin sense of it we hustle for change
Revolution ain't a game it's another name, for life fightin
Someone to stay in they corner like Mike Tyson
Hypes fightin for hits to heighten they hell
Don't he know he could only get as high as he fell?
Show money becomes bail, relationships become jail
Children are unheld
I wish love was for sale, "Behold the Pale - Horse"
Got me trapped like R. Kel', I bail and it -

[Outro: Gil Scott-Heron]
"Might not be such a bad idea if I never
Never went home again
I'm on my way home
I left three days ago, but no one seems to know I'm gone
Home is where the hatred is; home is filled with pain and it
Might not be such a bad idea if I never
Never went home again"



[Produced by brandUn DeShay]

[Intro: Chance the Rapper]
Na na na, na na na
Na na na, na na na
Na na na, na na na
(IGH!)

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
Introducin' Chance the Ruthless, trip 'shrooms and lucy
Dreams is lucid, loosely based on music, swallow my mucus
Hope your pussy get herpes and yo' ass get lupus
Deuces Douches, deuce deuce I'll shoot ya (BANG!)
Shoes might boot cha and a suit might suit cha
They be on bullshit but they really don't do shit
They use of allusion could confuse Confucius
Nasty, ashy, cigarette ashing, 'til my voice get raspy
Last week suspended, last night kissed Va$htie
Parleyed with Ashley, always in the hallway
So I never been classy (Ha ha ha)
Shut up!

[Hook: Chance the Rapper]
Na na na, na na na
Na na na, na na na
Na na na, na na na
(IGH, IGH, IGH, IGH!)

[Verse 2: Chance the Rapper]
Acid, Acid, get it? Acid, melts through plastic, I spit fired
Pad my palette, talkin' paper if this was work, I'd get higher
Pardon my mishaps, burp and get murdered
Fart and get bitch-slapped, like bourbon mixed with Jack
Lickety-split, look it! He slipped on a shell
From peelin' banana splits back, give me my Kit-Kat
Don't break me off shit, batch, fack is you mean bitch?
Zan with that lean bitch, zan with that lean bitch
Zen with that chakra I eat it like Idi Amin
Ya kna wha' mean, hit me back when that mean shit

[Hook: Chance the Rapper]
Na na na, na na na
Na na na, na na na
Na na na, na na na
(IGH, IGH, IGH, IGH!)

[Verse 3: Action Bronson]
Introducin', it’s Bronsonlino
With my hair slicked back, I look like Rick Pitino
Three Japanese dykes in my El Camino
Lettin' trees blow, oh, I rep the East Coast
I got a team of hoes like Pat Summitt
I look like Arnold Schwarzenegger in a black hummer
(Get to the chopper!)
I splash summer like a fast brother, with a number on his back
Ain’t no fumblin', in fact, I'm back, acid in my hat
Shoot, then pass the gat
It's at the bottom of the river in a plastic bag (baaaaag)
My new shorty got a gymnastic back
'87 emerald green on a classic jag
She had the cleft palate, I ordered chef’s salad
She had the club foot, with that little arm
I couldn’t help but laugh, she ordered Chicken Parm
I had the full Bulls warm-up with the Pippens on

[Outro: Action Bronson]
Suck my motherfucking dick
It's the young Randy Velarde
Queens, baby
Blow me



[Intro: Kanye West]
What are they gon' tell me?
You know what I'm saying
I used to be in gym class like "Nigga, I'm finna be a rapper"
I didn't do my homework for my last three years of high school, nigga

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
So I'm assuming ya'll niggas don't know what you doing
You're not hot cause your tapes don't work
We can't stop, our brakes don't work
Man I heard you spit your favorite verse
It's the softest place on Earth
Ya'll some motherfucking idiots
Dropping enough bricks to build a city with
What the fuck is on your mind?
You sniffing that shit
My own blood, go on stud
Probably the reason that the phone bugged
Always talking fast as hell like Bone Thugs
You act like you don't know what the chrome does
Like what 2 shots to the dome does
Plus you kind of slow man
But if we listen to you
We all be broke like Gary Coleman
I'm trying to blow like Pokémane
And I don't want to have to choke you man
I'd rather go to bed, getting head on the sofa man
Yo but, aigh, it's over man

[Hook]

Nothing's gonna stop Nothing's gonna stop Nothing's gonna stop me!
(I said) Nothing's gonna stop Nothing's gonna stop Nothing's gonna stop me!
[Talk over Hook] Niggas can't be serious, you the only Nigga I know experience Y2K
You the only Nigga who lights went out fucking ?? 2000!

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Let's go man
I hate a gold digging bitch that want to get in my whip
Fuck fucking, I make her kiss the tip of my dick
You know what I'm here for cut all that crying and shit
Plus my nigga want a fit
Why don't you buy him some shit?
I'm from the land of the P-I-M-P
I got these hoes buying the weed and the optimos
Why you think my neck froze?
Why I got these clothes?
PSSH Man I gots to pose
Next to the, lex to the, benz fit ya, next time we, fuck, bring ya, friends with ya
And he doesn't take American Express
And he don't take hoes with small breast keep it moving (keep it moving)
I hate lame niggas, I hate gay niggas, I hate a dick riding I-I-I I know Kanye niggas
(So) save the talk and save the game how you gon con me when Kan half my name? Nigga

[Outro]
I did about 4 or 5 beats for Nas
This nigga don't know how to pronounce my name because they always spell it wrong
Shit, you know I'm saying, I'mma I'mma tell it real, you know what I'm saying? That's not cool, y'all can't even...



[Hook]
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Yo, first I snatched the streets, then I snatched the charts
First I had they ear, now I have they heart
Rappers came and went, I've been here from the start
I seen them put it together, watched them take it apart
Seen the Rovers roll up with ribbons
I seen them re-po'd, re-sold, then re-driven
So when I reload, he holds number one position
When you hot, I'm hot
And when your feet cold, mines is sizzling
It's plain to see, niggas can't fuck with me
'cause I'mma be that nigga for life
This is not an image, this is God given
This is hard livin', mixed with Cristal sippin'
It's the most consistent, Hov
Give you the most hits you can fit inside a whole disc and
Nigga I'm home on these charts, y'all niggas visitin'
It's Hov tradition, Jeff Gordon of rap
I'm back to claim pole position, holla at ya boy

[Hook]
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I get down for my grandfather who took my mama
Made her sit in that seat where white folks ain't want us to eat
At the tender age of 6 she was arrested for the sit-ins
And with that in my blood I was born to be different
Now niggas can't make it to ballots to choose leadership
But we can make it to Jacob's and to the dealership
That's why I hear new music and I just don't be feelin' it
Racism's still alive, they just be concealin' it
But I know they don't want me in the damn club
They even made me show ID to get inside of Sam's Club
I done did dirt and went to church to get my hands scrubbed
Swear I've been baptized 'least three or four times
But in the land where niggas praise Yukons and getting paid
It's gonna take a lot more than coupons to get us saved
Like it take a lot more than doo rags to get you waves
Nothing sad as that day my girl's father passed away
So I promised to Mr. Rainey I'm gonna marry your daughter
And you know I gotta thank you for the way that she was brought up
And I know that you were smiling when you see the car I bought her
You sent tears from heaven when you seen my car get balled up
But I can't complain what the accident did to my left eye
Cause look what an accident did to Left Eye
First Aaliyah now Romeo must die
I know I got angels watching me from the other side

[Hook]
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down
Get up, I get down

[Verse 3: J. Ivy]
We are all here for a reason on a particular path
You don't need a curriculum to know that you're a part of the math
Cats think I'm delirious but I'm so damn serious
That's why I expose my soul to the globe; the world
I'm trying to make it better for these little boys and girls
I'm not just another individual
My spirit is a part of this that's why I get spiritual
But I get my hymns from Him
So it's not me, it's He that's lyrical
I'm not a miracle, I'm a heaven-sent instrument
My rhythmatic regiment navigates melodic notes
For your soul and your mental
That's why I'm instrumental, vibrations is what I'm into
Yeah I need my loot by rent day
But that ain't what gives me the heart of Kunta Kinte
I'm trying to get us "us free" like Cinque
I can't stop, that's why I'm hot
Determination, dedication, motivation
I'm talking to you of my many inspirations
When I say I can't let you or self down
If I were on the highest cliff, on the highest riff
And if you slipped off the side and clinched on to your life
In my grip I would never ever let you down
And when these words are found
Let it be known that God's penmanship has been signed
With a language called love
That's why my breath is felt by the deaf
And while my words are heard and confined to the ears of the blind
I too dream in color and in rhyme
So I guess I'm one of a kind in a full house
Cause whenever I open my heart, my soul or my mouth
A touch of God reigns out
Take 'em to church

[Hook]
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get
Get up, I get
Get up, I get
Get up, I get
Get up, I get
Get up, I get down

[Verse 4: Jay-Z and (Kanye West)]
Who else you know been hot this long? (Oh yeah, we ain't finished)
Started from nothing but he got this strong (The Roc is in the building)
Built the Roc from a pebble, peddled rock before I met you
Pedaled bikes, got my nephews pedal bikes because they special (Wooooo)
Let you tell it, man, I'm falling
Well, somebody must have caught him
'cause every fourth quarter, I like to Mike Jordan them
Number one albums, what I got? Like four of them
More of them on the way, the eighth wonder on the way
Clear the way, I'm here to stay
Y'all can save the chitter-chat, this and that
This is Jay, dissing Jay will get you maced
When I start spitting them lyrics niggas get very religious
Six Hail Marys, 'Please Father forgive us'
Young the archbishop, the Pope John Paul of y'all niggas
They way y'all all follow Jigga
Hov's a living legend and I'll tell you why
Everybody wanna be Hov and Hov's still alive



Yo what you doing here huh?
(Hi I thought I'd drop by so nice to see you)
Nice to see you too okay
(It's been too long)
Yeah you can leave now

[Verse 1]
Kanye that nigga with heavy dough
Roll dro and a chevy low
Told a long time ago you can't fuck every ho
Whether in Jamaica or Cancun, Mexico
Baby don't be scurred, shake that ass like Mystikal
We got physical now she calling and beeping
Call when I'm sleepin, call my girl claimin we creepin
Bitch you nuts, look I only fucked you once
How you gone get the message, I ain't called you in months
Acting like Super Dave with them dumb ass stunts
Talking bout girls I could get her whatever she want (Whatever I want)
I'm like girls like you be wanted for warrants
Stalking of course, alone on the phone disguising your voice
Got your girls asking for Kay on the three way
Talking bout (You can't call a bitch on her BDay?)
Hmm, Tanisha its over with stop playin
Nah nah it's over. (So what you saying?)
Look you gotta bounce. (I don't wanna fuck with you)
(Get your hands off me!) Bitch I ain't touching you
Stop, Chill. Relax. okay
You know what she told me?

[Hook]
I'm never letting go
Never letting go
Never letting go

I'm crazy about you
(No you just crazy)

[Verse 2]
You believe this ho, pop up everywhere I go
Pop up at the show, pop up at the grocery store
Pop up in my kitchen like, "Oh you wash dishes here?"
Pop up in my bathroom, "Oh you take pisses here?"
Listen here we gone need some distance here
(Where I'm gone go?) I don't care, just disappear
You ain't my main bitch not even my main squeeze
Anyway, how the fuck you get a set of keys?
First she used them on my crib, then she used them on my whip
And wrote on the side, "Kanye you ain't shit"
You believe this bitch? Man, did you see this shit!?
Did she just knock my windows out on my Escalade? (Ha yeah nigga!)
That's a twelve fuckin' hundred dollar estimate
She must've took off all yesterday just to hate
Restraining orders ain't stopping her
She the reason caller I.D. so popular
Across the street now with some fuckin binoculars
Screaming at the top of her lungs, "I'm never letting go!"

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Had enough of the stalker shit got to put her in line
Count back from ten when I got to nine I grabbed mine
Before I gotta do what I gotta do after blue she lying
Like "Nigga you put your hands on me for the last time"
Tried to get you over your uncles to come and jump me
Take my cash and punk me
With my ass and trump me
I stump them fuckin chunkies
Just look at yo niece
She beat her own ass and called the police
(Pregnant with his baby yeah he still getting rough with me!)
And to my crib scuff me up and put the cuffs on me
My momma dropped that five hundo and got me out of custody
Girl left a note on my door (Nigga don't ever fuck with me)
And all the time I got to thinkin that I'm the man
Hottest nigga on the block and shit I got a fan
I'm like a swole nigga thought that he could lift the van
Somebody please come and take this bitch up off my hands!
You don't understand, man

[Hook]

Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, all the same, all the same
All want a nigga with a chain
Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, all the same, all the same
Want a nigga whippin that range
Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, all the same, all the same
Want a nigga banging they brains
Uh oh, uh oh, these hoes, these hoes, these hoes, these hoes, these hoes



[Intro]
And it'll be a long time, before you ever see me again, me again

[Verse 1]
They want me, hold my head in shame
So I hold 'em on, holding hands in vein
Couple [?] of the feds say I'm insane
A psych said I'm going [?]
And then his son told me put down the drink dawg
I got a [?]
I guess [?] finna chop it's head off
I need a little something to knock the edge off
Aside from this song, life sucks
[?]
[?] modest
And every, god needs a goddess
And every, star couldn't guide us
It falls upon something that's inside us
So I [?] with my riders
[?] with my Riders
[?]

[Hook]
And I don't like them, and they don't like that
They don't like that, and I don't want that
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again
Don't worry about me, worry 'bout you
Worry about something, don't worry what I do
Hating motherfuckers, it'll be a long time
Before you ever see me again, me again

[Verse 2]
See I need some time to meditate
Naw bitch I'm fly I need time to levitate
And I don't sound try, tryna' hesitate
[?] nigga, you a featherweight
And I'm a heavyweight and I'm very great
I put the everyday rocking in every state
Do not debate, you cannot cape
I must've on faith, getting knocked of faith
Guess it's not faith, guess it was written
I can sell a phone, guess I was different
That was cellphone back then, that was different
Now I'm spitting and everybody's just spitting
And what it sound like when everybody sound like
What you sound like, bumpin' 'em on a round mic
I don't even have a knife
Feel like [?]
And these niggas are secondary like Pippen around Mike
Trippin' around sight, something on that down light
I'mma be downright, you niggas is downright biters
And I'mma [?] fighters
And my shit downright fire, from the corner buyer
And I'm alone, eh

[Hook]
Don't worry 'bout me, don't worry 'bout them
Don't worry 'bout you, and what you gonna do
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again
Don't worry 'bout me, don't worry 'bout me
Don't worry 'bout you and maybe I do
[?]
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again
Don't worry 'bout me, don't worry 'bout you
I worry 'bout something not we can do
[?] me
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, na na na na
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Again, again
Before you ever see me again, me again, again, again
It'll be a long time before you ever see me again

[Bridge]
Can you clap your hands, hands
Clap your, clap your hand, hands
Clap your, clap your hand, hands
And I wanna something, I wanna something then
Can you clap your hand, hand
Need you to clap your hand, hand
Need you to clap your hand, hand
Need you to clap your hand
Need you to clap your hand, hand
Need you to clap your hand
Need you to clap your hand, hand
Need you to clap your hand

[Verse 3]
So the song like a Section 8
So I pass that dick around like the collection plate
I can sell 'em on Sunday with the [?]
I be stunting with the stunnas, and that's the best you make
So if everybody just stand now, and shit don't pan out
Throw your hands up, at least give them a handout
And with the sun shown, it's like the Jerome is
[?] on the cellphone days, I'm homeless
Or feeling like Ike at the end of the movie
Wait, just need two shows just to get to me
Or feeling like Eddie Kane, I still got it
And it's something but the problem is, you still not it
Or maybe if it's sicker, they say I'm "that nigga"
Or maybe if [?] is not a cellphone [?]
Or maybe damn, I could just blow my shit [?]
Maybe I should stop being real, maybe I should get on Twitter
Maybe I should [?] I could reconsider
[?] cellphone liver
And I'mma drink until I can't stand and got no liver
I can stand and deliver 'til the [?]
And I'mma spit it, like it get it, gonna die by the [?]
I'd rather live by what I live by, then die when I'm fine
I'm gonna stand by my self 'til my very last breath
Cause you know what? A coward dies a thousand deaths
And I'm proud [?]
And I could style on [?], hell with this
You can't style on me, nigga I'm [?]
I'm liable to be a liability [?]
You plan to style on me, trying to style on me
Nigga, I'm liable to be a liability, and my ability
I can sound like [?]
[?]

[Hook 2]
Don't worry 'bout me, worry 'bout you
Worry about something, something will do
And motherfuckers, it'll be a long time
Before you ever see me again
So don't worry about me, I'll be fine
I'll be up some, going for mine
And it'll be a long time
'fore you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, worry 'bout you, worry 'bout you
'fore you ever see

[Verse 4]
Don't worry about what I been up to
When the fuck I'm going hard, nigga fuck you
Who the fuck is going, I can [?]
Who the fucks asking? I'll put the summer on blast and
Who the fucks lasting?
And be the last standing
Caught up on the [?]
Get a better tan and
I been feeling dandy
And who can run the planet? Pass them a Xanax
And n afternoon I annex
And all of the damage [?]
Left on the [?]
Who [?] after all, I guess it's a small world after all
Stunting on the sun, cus I have to ball
I run the world cause it's a small world after all
And I'm never after y'all
I have to loss somethin' and I got it all
And you feeling like you got it all?
[?]
Nah nigga, not at all

[Hook]
Worry 'bout me, don't worry bout me, just worry bout you
And what'chya gon' do?
It'll be a long time, before you ever see me again

[Verse 5]
[?] on the all out, [?] all out [?]
Last summer, last fight, and y'all had a fall out
I can sense [?] what y'all 'bout?
Bumping [?]something, and everything that y'all 'bout
Y'all had your ups and downs, you don't fuck around
Put everything on the [?] something then you go and fuck around
Bet you felt something, now you feel nothing now
Y'all feelings felt something, ya'll don't feel nothing now
Her tears dried up, [?] a specialist
I was under [?] and learning what the lesson is
What the ebony of essences, the Genesis
I got the fetishes, something on the [?]
[?] and you had to look at innocence
I wish we just could take it back to the Book of Genesis
Before the hook is in is there any point of any of this?
[?]
[?] put hands on you, then put his front side and put hands on you
Just turn around say for really? I'm done motherfucker
I [?]

[Hook]
Worry bout me, just worry bout you, I can [?] when I be good
And she said that
It'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, just worry 'bout you
And I'll be up now, what I've been up to
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Don't worry 'bout me, don't worry 'bout them
And it'll be a long time before you ever see me again, me again
Me again, me again
It'll be a long time before you ever see me again



[Produced by Boogz N Tapez, Kanye West, and Anthony Kilhoffer]

[Hook: Ghostface Killah]
Shake that body, party that bod-
Shake that body, party that bod-
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G-O-D

[Verse 1: Pusha T + Kanye West]
I believe there's a God above me
I'm just the god of everything else
I put holes in everything else
"New God Flow," fuck everything else
Supreme dope dealer, write it in bold letters
They love a nigga's spirit like Pac at the Coachella
They said Push ain't fit with the umbrella
But I was good with the yay as a wholesaler
I think it’s good that 'Ye got a blow dealer
A hot temper, matched with a cold killer
I came aboard for more than just to rhyme with him
Think ’99, when Puff woulda had Shyne with him, yuugh!
Matchin' Daytonas, rose gold on us
Goin' H·A·M in Ibiza done took a toll on us
But since you overdo it, I'ma pour more
Well if you goin' coupe, I’m goin' four door

[Hook: Ghostface Killah + Kanye West]
Shake that body, party that bod- (that's rare, nigga!)
Shake that body, party that bod- (Ric Flair, nigga!)
Shake that body, party that body (yeah, nigga!)
Come and have a good time with G-O-D (yeah)
Shake that body, party that bod- (woah!)
Shake that body, party that bod- (woah!)
Shake that body, party that body (it's the new God flow, niggas)
Come and have a good time with G-O-D (yo)

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Step on they necks 'til they can’t breathe
Claim they five stars but sell you dreams
They say death multiplies by threes
Line them all up and let's just see
Fuck em 'Ye, fuck em 'Ye!
I wouldn't piss on that nigga with Grand Marnier
(Woo!) They shit is shoppin' at Targét
(Woo!) My shit is luxury Balmain (ay!)
I'm balling, Amar'e
A nick sold in the park then I want in
What's a king without a crown, nigga? (What?)
What's a circus without you clown niggas? (Hah)
What's a brick from an outta-town nigga
When you flood and you can drown niggas? (Yuuugh!)
Here's the G.O.O.D. Music golden child
M.A. dollar sign, can't nobody hold me down

[Hook: Ghostface Killah]
Shake that body, party that bod-
Shake that body, party that bod-
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G-O-D

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Hold up, I ain't trying to stunt, man
But the Yeezys jumped over the Jumpman
Went from most hated to the champion god flow
I guess that's a feeling only me and LeBron know
I'm living three dreams
Biggie Smalls', Dr. King, Rodney King's, uhh
Cause we can't get along - no resolution
'Til we drown all these haters, rest in peace to Whitney Houston
Cars, money, girls and the clothes
Aww man, you sold your soul
Naw man, mad people was frontin'
Aww man, made somethin' from nothin'
Picture workin' so hard, and you can't cut through
That can mess up your whole life, like an uncle that touched you
What has the world come to? I'm from the 312
Where cops don't come through and dreams don't come true
Like there the God go, in his Murcielago
From workin' McDonalds, barely payin' the car note
He even got enough, to get his mama a condo
Then they ran up and shot him, right in front of his mom
40 killings in a weekend, 40 killings in a week
Man, the summer too hot, you can feel it in the street
Welcome to Sunday service, if you hope to someday serve us
We got green in our eyes, just follow my Erick Sermon
Did Moses not part the water with the cane?
Did strippers not make an ark when I made it rain?
Did Yeezy not get signed by Hov and Dame?
And ran to Jacob and made the new Jesus chains?
In Jesus' name, let the choir say
"I'm on fire, ay," that's what Richard Pryor say
And we'll annihilate anybody that violate
Ask any dope boy you know, they admire 'Ye

[Hook: Ghostface Killah]
Shake that body, party that bod-
Shake that body, party that bod-
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G-O-D

[Interlude: Ghostface Killah]
Yeah nigga, yeah I had my, I had my Jesus piece since ‘94
I don’t know what I, I don’t know what y'all talkin’ bout
And my eagle — still got it all in the bag, B
Yeah, all I did was play possum
Yo, come on

[Verse 4: Ghostface Killah]
Six hundred Cuban cigar in the big tub
Medallion on, Dove soap on the fresh cut
With soap suds on the Mac-11
My big lion haven’t ate since twelve, and it’s after seven
We feed the nigga like forty chickens
His tail wag when I send him a bag with just one victim
Uh-huh, now let me show you what my closet on
Gems in the display case, call it a rock-a-thon
I got soccer moms payin' for cock
Asians get it from behind while they cleanin’ their wok
Comin' with flows that is toxic
Deadly fumes when I'm in the room
Repercussions occur when you dry snitch
Red light, green light, one, two, three
Look mean, got my machine, cried and hit you, please
Say shake that body, scar up that body
Should I kill him now Tone? I said probably
Side bets are four and better
Bust hammers with pot holders
And yo, dead a cow for his fuckin' leather
I’m not bow-legged but old school like Redd Foxx
My favorite color in my hustle days was red tops
My gold eagle arm shitted out a red rock
Threw it off my project roof, saw red dots
Kanye, shine a light on my Wallabees
You can have a good time with G.O.D

[Hook: Ghostface Killah + Kanye West]
Shake that body, party that bod- (that's rare, nigga!)
Shake that body, party that bod- (Ric Flair, nigga!)
Shake that body, party that body (yeah, nigga!)
Come and have a good time with G-O-D (yeah)
Shake that body, party that bod- (woah!)
Shake that body, party that bod- (woah!)
Shake that body, party that body (it's the new God flow, niggas)
Come and have a good time with G-O-D (yo)

[Outro: Kanye West]
G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D. Music!
G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D. Music!
And all my niggas say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
And all my ladies say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
I don't know but I've been told
(I don't know but I've been told)
If you get fresh get all the hoes
(If you get fresh get all the hoes)
I'm way fresher than all my foes
(I'm way fresher than all my foes)
Somebody please pick out they clothes
(Somebody please pick out they clothes)
And all my niggas say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
And all my ladies say "G.O.O.D. Music!"
Who runnin' shit today? G.O.O.D. Music!
Who runnin' shit today? G.O.O.D. Music!



[Intro: Swizz Beatz]
Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill
Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
My mama was raised in the era when
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin
Doin' clothes, you woulda thought I had help
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself
You see it's broke nigga racism
That's that "Don't touch anything in the store"
And it's rich nigga racism
That's that "Come in, please buy more"
"What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?
All you blacks want all the same things"
Used to only be niggas, now everybody playin'
Spendin' everything on Alexander Wang
New slaves

[Bridge: Kanye West]
You see it's leaders and it's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower
You see it's leaders and it's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I throw these Maybach keys
I wear my heart on the sleeve
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
They throwin' hate at me
Want me to stay at ease
Fuck you and your corporation
Y'all niggas can't control me
I know that we the new slaves
I know that we the new slaves
I'm 'bout to wild the fuck out
I'm goin' Bobby Boucher
I know that pussy ain't free
You niggas pussy, ain't me
Y'all throwin' contracts at me
You know that niggas can't read
Throw on some Maybach keys
Fuck it, c'est la vie
I know that we the new slaves
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me
Y'all niggas can't fuck with 'Ye
Y'all niggas can't fuck with 'Ye
I'll move my family out the country
So you can't see where I stay
So go and grab the reporters
So I can smash their recorders
See, they'll confuse us with some bullshit
Like the New World Order
Meanwhile the DEA
Teamed up with the CCA
They tryna lock niggas up
They tryna make new slaves
See, that's that privately owned prison
Get your piece today
They prolly all in the Hamptons
Braggin' 'bout what they made
Fuck you and your Hampton house
I'll fuck your Hampton spouse
Came on her Hampton blouse
And in her Hampton mouth
Y'all 'bout to turn shit up
I'm 'bout to tear shit down
I'm 'bout to air shit out
Now what the fuck they gon' say now?

[Outro: Kanye West, Frank Ocean & Kóbor János]
I won't end this high, not this time again
So long, so long, so long, you cannot survive
And I'm not dyin', and I can't lose
I can't lose, no, I can't lose
'Cause I can't leave it to you
So let's get too high, get too high again
Too high again, too high, ooh hoo-hoo-hoo, woo
Yeah, h-h-h-high, h-high-high, high-high high-igh-high-high
H-high-igh, yeah, high, high-igh
Egyszer a Nap úgy elfáradt (mhm-igh)
Elaludt mély zöld tó ölén
Az embereknek fájt a sötét
Ő megsajnált, eljött közénk

[Produced by Che Pope, Sham Joseph, Ben Bronfman, Noah Goldstein, Travis Scott, Mike Dean & Kanye West]



[Intro: Guru]
Word is bond, these cats been on the mic fantasizing a LOT
So called MC's, wannabe rappers and all that, whatever
You get your knot rocked kid, yo

[Hook]
You thought you brought your best lines, but they couldn't touch mine
I rocked you in your knot hope you have better luck next time
You thought you brought your best lines, but they couldn't touch mine
I rocked you in your knot hope you have better luck next time

[Verse 1]
So just perhaps, you wanna challenge my style of rap
Talkin bout you bust caps, we know that's just a pile of crap
The underground is where I dwell at
It's where I find my heaven, and where you find your hell at
You're in my clutches now, you get slit up and lit up
Just like some Dutches now, see I'm hard to define
My mind travels far, from ghettoes to galaxies
Representin GangStarr -- The street life
The reason why my mic ignites, I bring more ruckus
Than a nightclub fight, or bar brawl
I'm swingin lyrics like broken glass palm to skull y'all
Hold your head, cause all that weak shit is dead
See the times are changin, and me and my peeps is gettin crazy fed
So remember when you writing your rhymes
Stop fantasizing, and bring some real shit next time
Yeah, bring some real shit, yo

[Hook]
You thought you brought your best lines, but they couldn't touch mine
I rocked you in your knot hope you have better luck next time
You thought you brought your best lines, but they couldn't touch mine
I rocked you in your knot hope you have better luck next time

[Verse 2]
Yo, I do what I have to do to master you and capture you
Until you recognize, what my rapture can do
You thought I wouldn't step up, to keep my rep up?
I ain't them other kids, I don't need to play no catch-up
I got too much pride for this, I know some niggas
That'll ride for this, with me it's do or die for this
Street knowledge, intellect and spirituality
My survival package, as I deal with reality
I'm like Fishburne in Hoodlum when I come to do em
Chew em up, spit em out, the most respected no doubt
You seen me in action so act you been knowin
The G-U-R-U, of the Gang, I've been flowing
Just like the river Niger all the way to the Hudson
Had so many lyrics stashed, and I couldn't wait to bust some
Lately, I've watched this game evolve and elevate
So now I push my music like drug dealers push weight
Straight like that, straight out the gate
Cause it's never too late, to set this fuckin record straight
But it is too late, for you and your crew son
You had the audacity to come against me, the gifted one?
And Primo with the tracks, to inspire my next line
You've got no wins here, so better luck next time

[Hook]
You thought you brought your best lines, but they couldn't touch mine
I rocked you in your knot hope you have better luck next time
You thought you brought your best lines, but they couldn't touch mine
I rocked you in your knot...

[Outro: Guru]
Yeah yeah
Better luck next time
("Not this time but next time" -- LL Cool J)



[Verse 1]
"Today's agenda, got the suitcase up in the Sentra
Go to room 112, tell 'em Blanco sent ya
Feel the strangest if no money exchanges
I got these kids in Ranges to leave them niggas brainless
All they tote is stainless, you just remain as
Calm as possible, make the deal go through
If not, here's 12 shots, we know how you do
Please make your killings clean, slugs up in between
They eyes like True Lies, kill 'em and flee the scene
Just bring back the coke or the cream
Or else, your life is on the shelf, we mean this, Frank
Them cats we fucking with put bombs in your mom's gas tank"
"Let's get this money baby, they shady, we get shady
Dress up like ladies and burn 'em with dirty .380s
Then they come to kill our babies, that's all out
I got gats that blow the wall out, clear them all out
Fuck the fallout, word to Stretch I bet they pussy
The seven digits push me, fucking real, here's the deal
I got a hundred bricks, 14-5 apiece (uh-huh)
Enough to cop a 6, buy the house on the beach (uh-huh)
Supply the peeps with Jeeps, brick apiece, capisce?
Everybody getting cream, no one considered a leech
Think about it now, that's damn near 1.5
I kill them all, I'll be set for life," "Frank, pay attention
These motherfuckers is henchmen, renegades
If you die they still get paid, extra probably
Fuck a robbery, I'm the boss
Promise you won't rob 'em", "I promise!"
But, of course, you know I had my fingers crossed

[Chorus]
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture me being scared
Of a nigga that breathe the same air as me
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture me being shook
We can both pull burners, make the motherfucking beef cook
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture a nigga hiding
My life in that man's hands while he just deciding
(Niggas bleed just like us) I'd rather go toe-to-toe
With all of y'all; running ain't in my protocol, uhh

[Verse 2]
Since it's on, I call my nigga Arizona Ron
From Tucson, push the black Yukon
Usually had the slow grooves on, mostly rock the Isley
Stupid as a youngin, chose not the moves wisely
Sharper with game, him and his crooks caught a Jooks
Heard it was sweet, about 350 apiece
Ron bought a truck, two bricks laid in the cut
His peeps got bucked, got locked the fuck up
That's when Ron vanished, came back, speaking Spanish
Lavish habits, two rings, twenty carats
He's a criminal, nigga made America's Most
Killed his baby mother brother, slit his throat
The nigga got bagged with the toast
Weeded, took it to trial, beat it
Now he feel he undefeated, he mean it
Nothing to lose, tattooed around his gun wounds
"Everything to gain" embedded in his brain
And me? I feel the same, for this money, you dying
Especially if my daughter crying, I ain't lying
Y'all know the science

[Chorus]
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture me being scared
Of a nigga that breathe the same air as me
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture me being shook
We can both pull burners, make the motherfucking beef cook
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture a nigga hiding
My life in that man's hands while he just deciding
(Niggas bleed just like us) I'd rather go toe-to-toe
With all of y'all; running ain't in my protocol, uhh

[Verse 3]
We agreed, to go in shooting is silly
Because niggas could be hiding in showers with MAC-millis
So I freaked them, the telly manager was Puerto Rican
Gloria from Astoria, I went to war with her peeps in '91
Stole a gun from my workers
And they took drugs, they tried to jerk us
We blazed they place, long story, Glo' seen't my face
Got shook, thought a nigga was coming for the safe
Now she breaking, "Shut up, 112, what's shaking?"
"A Jamaican, some bitches, I swear they look gay
And a black Range Rover been outside all day
If it's trouble let me know, I'll be on my way
Please, I got kids to feed, I done seen you make niggas bleed
Nightmares this bitch don't need"
"Ron, get the gasoline, this spot, we about to blow this
Get the cash before the cops and Range Rover cats notice"
Room 112, right by the staircase, perfect place
When they evacuate, they meet they fate
"Ron, pass the gasoline", the nigga passed me kerosene
Fuck it, it's flameable, my hunger is unexplainable
Strike the match, just what I expected
The dread kid ejected in seconds, and here come two
Opposite sexes, one black, one Malaysian
We in the hallway waiting patient
As soon as she hit the door, we start blasting
I saw her brains hit the floor, Ron laughing, I swear to God
I hit Maxi Priest at least twelve times in the chest
Spinned around, shot the chink in the breast
She crying, headshots put her to rest
Pop open them briefcases, nothing but Franklin faces
The spot's hot, sprinklers, alarm systems
That's when other guests start to slip in
It's time for us to get to dipping
I know them niggas in the Range is on they way up
Flipping, pistol gripping, I load the clip in
The hallway got real loud and crowded
They walked right past us, I don't know how they allowed it
The funny thing about it, through all the excitement
They Range got towed, they double-parked by a hydrant
Stupid motherfuckers (hahahaha)



[Intro: Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC]
"So, you tell me that everything just isn't going well..?"
"Well, first off..."

[Verse 1]
My only problem is death
Fuck heaven, I ain't showing no religion respect
Brain damage, therapy's the only thing I regret
Talking to me is like a fucking body missing a neck
But, I'm surprised I ain't pop off my top off
Life is a bitch and my cock's soft, the Glock's cocked
My hands tremble, my finger slipped, the wall's red
Her life is fucked, she's sad now, her son is dead

[Hook]
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

[Verse 2]
When I was younger, I would smile a lot
I'm getting older, getting bolder, but a wiser top
Now I'm drunk driving, lap's full of Budweiser tops
Life is a movie and you're just a prop
They begged me to stop, but I listen like deaf drums
Love? I don't get none, that's why I'm so hostile to the kids that get some
My father called me to tell me he loved me—
I'd have a better chance of getting Taylor Swift to fuck me
Annoying and I'm ugly, most niggas wanna punch me
I'm surprised the fucking doctor even touched me
Feel like Humpty, you hoping that I'll fall? Fuck y'all
I'm Ace, I'm parentless, odd, kinda arrogant
Ignorant as fuck, offend people for the hell of it
Because I am the devil, fucker, get on my level
Doughnuts and keys and kick-flips, Supremes and markers
My life is Ms. Mon-unique Parker, but a little darker
I'll see you in a couple, OF

[Hook]
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

[Interlude: Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC]
"Tyler, here's some water, man
You seem a little tense... how's Thebe?"

[Verse 3]
All because a nigga just don't give a fuck
Parents wanna blame me all because their kid is fucking up
But fuck that, you're a shitty parent, face it, suck it up
That's what you should've did before that nigga bust, huh
Feel like I missed my little brother growing up
Feel like my little brother missed his brother growing up
But this is Golf Wang, like he missed his family growing up
I got a little taller since the last time you seen me, bruh
Now I'm emo, so fuck it, I'm pouring up
But I never had a drink— (Sydney, Tyler's throwing up!)
My nigga Jasper said if I drink and get drunk enough
I won't feel the feelings I be feeling when I'm sobered up
But that's a fucking lie, why would he say that? I'm
As emotionally straight as Travis when he--(Tyler, calm down)
Don't look at me, I'm 6'5", about to fucking cry
About another guy, but this is Golf Wang, do or die
I finally had a family
Domo's in another state, and where the fuck is Riley?
Now you niggas wanna be nice because the labels wanna sign me
But before the co-signing and you fuckers couldn't find me?
Fuck that! I hope you die in a fiery death
One ear I got kids screaming, "O.F. is the best"
The other ear I got Tron Cat, asking where the bullets and the bombs at
So I can kill these levels of stress, shit
They say that I'm shock value
How about you hop off cock and turn volume down?
I haven't got around to telling my mom shit (why?)
Cause I don't know how to...(whoa)
All I want is her support, but no, it's the fights at home
When mommy cusses out cousin, some knifes get shown
Now she's really fuckin' pissed, so the knives get thrown
And hit her in her fucking neck, now her throat's all gone
Looking like a fucking monster from the Twilight Zone
Then they wonder why I stay at Travis' pad with a backpack
For the whole week, full of plastic-wrapped black tees
And deodorant like his house is my home
I could live with the same hat
And the same flat-screen TV watching Flapjack
And the same bacon and waffles on a nice Saturday
Where I skate with the same fucking friends that
Didn't give a fuck about fame or a name, oh
"Message from The GZA, oh, another one from Plain Pat"
Email full of emails, I never write back
Ain't kill myself yet, and I already want my life back

[Hook]
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems

[Verse 4]
One shot, two shots, one gun, two cops
I'm blowin' them flu shots, couldn't kill me with two top rockers
You're on the side of faggots and cock blockers
I'm on the side of bad-ass kids and the top notches
I'm Barney, dinosaur Harley of a human
Cause I'm shrooming with the bangers and the carneys
You niggas can't harm me cause y'all know that
We at the fuckin' Dirty like it's laundry (Tyler, calm down)
Nigga, get off me

[Outro]
(Calm down, man)
Fuck off me man, fuck (what's gotten into you?)
I don't know, it's like I'm a different person at times
Sometimes I'm fucking mad, sometimes I'm not (yeah, you...)
It's like I got a fucking voice in my head
Telling me to do all this fucked up shit, man (yeah, what's this?)
I don't fucking know, man (what's this person named then, Tyler, huh?)
He tells me to do this shit, that I don't wanna fucking do (what's his name?)
Tron Cat



[Intro: Kanye West]
Long Beach, stand up! (Plain Pat, what up?)
It's your hometown boy Mark Spitz and uh
Now I've been getting fucked up all night long
This weed and this drink I got is almost gone
And I've been doing wrong my whole life long
So here's my song
Here's my song

[Hook: Mark Spitz with (Kanye West)]
Five pounds of dro
Five rounds or mo'
Tore from the flo'
Two sets of hoes
K. West to go
(Okay no more for me
Okay one more for me)
[X2]

[Verse 1: Mark Spitz]
Let me talk on this
Let me walk on this
Mark Spitz extra clips of hollow tips
I'm full throttle with Chicago trips
Hits model chicks without the bread
Moet bottles flip, I'm out my head
Yeah
Okay no more for me
Fuck it, one more for me
Send another round around for all my Gs
Quarterback in the streets
Throw a zip for three
Mr. MC on the beats that still spin when I freeze
In the city by the sea, bitch
Feel the breeze
Hot head, I got steel to squeeze
See easy

[Bridge: Mark Spitz]
The west is on my back, K. West is on the track
'kay?
Now we fiend to get it jumpin' like the jacks
Dimes and hoodrats, get down on the flo'
And pop that ass 'til it's time to go

[Hook: Mark Spitz with (Kanye West)]

[Verse 2: Mark Spitz]
I came to the club with a gang of niggas
But I left from the club with a gang of bitches
Just got my pimp cup now my name is Bishop
In a money green suit, ice cane and lizards
The P chain still hangs but it's changed to Spitz
The blues always authentic gangsta shit
Now take this and run with it
Go have fun with it
But make sure you bring it back when you're done with it
Long Beach done done it again
It's been ten
And we've been it since then as little kids
You niggas can't tell me shit on how to sell with this
I'm hot as hell, we done done it again

[Bridge: Mark Spitz]

[Hook: Mark Spitz with (Kanye West)]

[Interlude: Kanye West]
Don't worry Chi-town
It's ya boy Kanye To The
I got this!

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
You at the bar tryin' to ask what that Hypno hit fo'
If you gotta ask that you can't afford to get mo'
Dawg, slow down you can't afford to sip Mo'
Leave the club now, come back when you get dough
Many hoes, many many many many many hoes
Centerfolds, especially I'm in the Go
Cadillac back to back, red, black to indigo
Tell me that I ain't pimpin' yo
Especially they in a row?
Keep a least two, that can't keep they cool
Cause I stay G'd up like the first week of school
Broke girls, I take 'em to the Section 8
Where I pass the dick around like a collection plate
White girls said, "La Di Da Di, we love to party"
And that bitch ain't broke so that mean she sniff coke
And she only 17 so that mean she can't vote
So if we do anything, that mean you can't quote

[Hook: Mark Spitz with (Kanye West)]



[Intro: Johnny "Guitar" Watson + Junie Morrison]
La-di-da-da-a, da-a (I like this flavor)
La-da-da-da-di-da-da-a, la-a (la-a, la-a, la-a)
Let me tell you, I'm out here
From a very far away place
All for a chance to be a star
Nowhere seems to be too far

[Chorus: Kanye West, Junie Morrison & (Ghostface Killah)]
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more
Los Angeles
Please (shake that body, party that bod-)
Please (shake that body, party that body)
Please (shake that body, party that body)

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar & Kanye West]
Hey, baby, you forgot your Ray Bans
And my sheets still orange from your spray tan
It was more than soft porn for the K-man
She remember my Sprinter, said "I was in the grape van"
Uhm—well, cutie—I like your bougie booty
Come, Erykah-Badu-me—well, let's make a movie
Hell, you know my repertoire is like a wrestler
I show you the ropes, connect the dots
A country girl that love Hollywood
Mama used to cook red beans and rice
Now it's Denny's, 4 in the morning, spoil your appetite
Liquor pouring and niggas swarming your section with erection
Smoke in every direction, middle finger pedestrians
R&B singers and lesbians, rappers and managers
Music and iPhone cameras
This shit unanimous for you, it's damaging for you, I think
That pussy should only be holding exclusive rights to me, I mean
He flew you in this motherfucker on first class
Even went out his way so you could check in an extra bag
Now you wanna divide the yam like it equate the math?
That shit don't add up, you're making him mad as fuck
She said she came out here to find an A-list rapper
I said baby, spin that 'round and say the alphabet backwards
You're dealing with malpractice, don't kill a good nigga's confidence
Just 'cause he a nerd and you don't know what a condom is
The head still good though, the head still good though
Make me say "Nam Myoho Renge Kyo"
Make a nigga say big words and act lyrical
Make me get spiritual
Make me believe in miracles, Buddhist monks and Cap'n Crunch cereal
Lord have mercy, thou will not hurt me
Five buddies all herded up on a Thursday
Bottle service, head service, I came in first place
The opportunity, the proper top of breast and booty cheek
The pop community, I mean these bitches come with union fee
And I want two of these, moving units through consumer streets
Then my shoe released, she was kickin' in gratuity
And yeah G, I was all for it
She said, "K Lamar, you kind of dumb to be a poet"
I'ma put you on game for the lames that don't know they're a rookie
Instagram is the best way to promote some pussy

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Scary, scary
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A.

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Friday night tryna make it into the city
Breakneck speeds, passenger seat somethin' pretty
Thinking back to how I got here in the first place
Second class bitches wouldn't let me on first base
A backpack nigga with luxury taste buds
And the Louis Vuitton store, got all of my pay stubs
Got pussy from beats I did for niggas more famous
When did I become A list? I wasn't even on a list
Strippers get invited to where they only got hired
When I get on my Steve Jobs, somebody gon' get fired
I was uninspired since Lauryn Hill retired
And 3 Stacks, man, you preach it to the choir
Any rumor you ever heard about me was true and legendary
I done got Lewinsky and paid secretaries
For all my niggas with babies by bitches
That use they kids as meal tickets
Not knowin' the disconnect from the father
The next generation will be the real victims
I can't fault 'em, really
I remember Amber told my boy no matter what happens she ain't goin' back to Philly
Back to our regularly scheduled programmin'
Of weak content and slow jammin'
But don't worry, this one's so jammin'
You know it, LA, it's so jammin'
I be thinkin' every day
Mulholland Drive, need to put up some goddamn barricades
I be paranoid every time
The pressure, the problem ain't I be drivin'
The problem is I be textin'
My psychiatrist got kids that I inspired
First song they played for me was 'bout their friend that just died
Textin' and drivin' down Mulholland Drive
That's why I'd rather take the 405
I be worried 'bout my daughter, I be worried 'bout Kim
But Saint is baby 'Ye, I ain't worried 'bout him
Had my life threatened by best friends with selfish intents
What I'm supposed to do?
Ride around with a bulletproof car and some tints?
Every agent I know, know I hate agents
I'm too black, I'm too vocal, I'm too flagrant
Something smellin' like shit, that's the new fragrance
It's just me, I do it my way, bitch
Some days I'm in my Yeezys, some days I'm in my Vans
If I knew y'all made plans I wouldn't have popped the Xans
I know some fans thought I wouldn't rap like this again
But the writer's block is over, emcees cancel your plans
A 38-year-old 8-year-old with rich nigga problems
Tell my wife that I hate the Rolls so I don't never drive it
It took 6 months to get the Maybach all matted out
And my assistant crashed it soon as they backed it out
God damn, got a bald fade, I might slam
Pink fur, got Nori dressin' like Cam
Thank God for me
Whole family gettin' money, thank God for E!
I love rockin' jewelry, a whole neck full
Bitches say he funny and disrespectful
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my shoes
I feel like Pablo when I see me on the news
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my house
Tell 'em party's in here, we don't need to go out
We need the turbo thots, high speed, turbo thots
Drop-dro-dro-dro-drop it like Robocop
She brace herself and hold my stomach, good dick'll do that
She keep pushin' me back, good dick'll do that
She push me back when the dick go too deep
This good dick'll put your ass to sleep
Get money, money, money, money
Big, big money, money, money, money
And as far as real friends, tell all my cousins I love 'em
Even the one that stole the laptop, you dirty motherfucker

[Bridge: Larry Graham]
I just keep on lovin' you, baby
And there's no one else I know who can take your place

[Chorus: Kanye West & Junie Morrison]
Please, no more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more parties in L.A.
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more
Los Angeles

[Outro: Junie Morrison]
Let me tell you, I'm out here from a very far away place
All for a chance to be a star
Nowhere seems to be too far
Swish

[Produced by Madlib and Kanye West]



[Intro: Ha Ha Davis + Chance The Rapper]
You don't want zero problems, big fella!
Yep! Igh!

[Refrain: Chance The Rapper]
If one more label try to stop me
It's gon' be some dreadhead niggas in ya lobby, huh huh

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me, bih!
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
Just another day, had to pick up all the mail
There go Chano ridin' through the streets, they be like, "There he go!"
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me, bih!
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
Just another day, had to pick up all the mail
There go Chano ridin' through the streets, they be like, "There he go!"

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
Ooh, watch me come and put the hinges in their hands
Countin' Benjis while we meetin', make 'em shake my other hand
Milly rockin', scoopin' all the blessings out my lap
Bitch I know you tried to cheat, you shoulda never took a nap, hey
Fuck wrong with you? What you were thinkin'?
Fuck you thought it was?
You talk that talk that make a lame ass nigga fall in love
Not me, though, bitch you can keep those
Bruh, I'm at your head like Craig did Deebo
Don't tweak, bro, it's never sweet, ho
My shooters come for free, so

[Refrain: Chance The Rapper & Lil Wayne]
If one more label try to stop me
It's gon' be some dreadhead niggas in ya lobby, huh huh

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
Yep, yep!
Pull up in the new thing, I'm like
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
They be like, "There he go!"

[Verse 2: 2 Chainz]
You old Petey Pablo, take your shirt off
Wave 'round your head like a helicopter
I ain't put enough weed in the blunt
All you do is smoke tobacco
Where the hell you get them from?
Yeezy said he ain't make them
My niggas chasin' bounty hunters
And gettin' chased by their baby mommas
My first tat was on my stomach
Got a pocket full of money
And a mind full of ideas
Some of this shit may sound weird
Inside of the Maybach
Look like it came out of Ikea
Run shit like diarrhea
Big yacht, no power steering
Aye, aye, captain
I'm high, captain
I'm so high
Me and God dappin'
This is my blessin'
This is my passion
School of hard knocks
I took night classes

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me, bih!
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
Yep, yep!
Pull up in the new thing, I'm like
They be like, "There he go!"

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I got problems bigger than these boys
My deposits, they be on steroids
Lord, free the Carter, niggas need the Carter
Sacrificin' everything, I feel like Jesus Carter
Hold up, I got this sewed up, my soda poured up
My woes up, I'm flippin' those bucks, they doing toe tucks
I rolled up and let the smoke puff
I lay down, toes up
Hold up, get too choked up when I think of old stuff
Move on, put my goons on, they kidnap newborns
In the streets my face a coupon
Her pussy too warm
All these bitches come to do harm
Just bought a new charm
Fuck the watch, I buy a new arm, you lukewarm
I'm Uncle Luke with the hoes
Pretty bitches, centerfolds
Tippy toes around my crib in they robes, just their robes
Half a milli' in the safe, another in the pillowcase
Codeine got me movin' slower than a caterpillar race
Fuck wrong with you? What you were thinkin'?
What you thought it was?
I just popped five Percocets and only caught a buzz
And if that label try to stop me
There gon' be some crazy Weezy fans waitin' in the lobby
Mula, baby

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me, bih!
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
Just another day, had to pick up all the mail
There go Chano ridin' through the streets, they be like, "There he go!"
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me, bih!
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
Just another day, had to pick up all the mail
There go Chano ridin' through the streets, they be like, "There he go!"

[Outro: Lil Wayne & Chance The Rapper]
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
You don't want no problem, want no problem with me
They say so, ridin' with the payo'
They be like, "There he go!"

[Produced by BrassTracks]



[Produced by Kanye West and Nottz]

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Twenty-plus years of selling Johnson & Johnson
I started out as a baby-faced monster
No wonder there's diaper rash on my conscience
My teething ring was numbed by the nonsense
Gem Star razor and a dinner plate
Arm & Hammer and a Mason jar, that's my dinner date
Then crack the window in the kitchen, let it ventilate
'Cause I let it sizzle on the stove like a minute steak
Nigga, I was crack in the school zone
Two beepers on me, Starter jacket that was two-toned
Four lockers, four different bitches got their mule on
Black Ferris Bueller, cutting school with his jewels on
Couldn't do wrong with a chest full of chains and a arm full of watches
What I sell for pain in the hood, I'm a doctor
Zhivago tried to fight the urge like Ivan Drago, if he dies, he dies
Like Doughboy to Tre, if he rides, he rides
Throwing punches in his room, if he cries, he cries
We don't drink away the pain when a nigga die
We add a link to the chain, inscribe a nigga name in your flesh
We playin' on a higher game of chess
Once you delegate his bills, who gon' fuck his bitch the best?
A million megapixels of the Pyrex
Started on the scale digital, my only Timex
Nigga, this is timeless, simply 'cause it's honest
Pure as the fumes that be fuckin' with my sinus
Nigga, this is Simon Says, Simon red
Blood on your diamonds 'til you dying – dead; yuugh!

[Samples]
"You better change what comes out your speaker"
"Dee-dee-dee, dah-dee, dah-dee, dee-dee, dah-dee, day-ah" (What is it?)

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
You wanna see a dead body?
Instrumentals from my momma's Christmas party
Troubles on my mind
I still smell crime, my little brother crying
Smokers repeatedly buying my Sega Genesis, either that
Or my auntie was stealing it, hit the pipe and start feeling it
Ooh, wee, cut me some slack, weed never did that
This was different, geez, Louise, please help me relax
Quantum physics could never show you the world I was in
When I was ten, back when nine ounces had got you ten
And nine times out of ten, niggas don't pay attention
And when there's tension in the air, nines come with extensions
My daddy turned a quarter piece to a four and a half
Took a L, started selling soap fiends bubble bath
Broke his nails misusing his pinky to treat his nose
Shirt buttoned open, taco meat laying on his gold
I said, "Daddy, one day, I'mma get you right with 36 zips
1000 grams of cocaine, then your name will be rich
Now you can rock it up or sell it soft as leather interior
Drop some ice cubes in it, Deebo on perimeter"
He said, "Son, how come you think you be my connect?"
I said, "Pops, your ass is washed up, with all due respect"
He said, "Well, nigga, then show me how it all makes sense"
Go figure, motherfucker, every verse is a brick, your son dope, nigga
Now reap what you sowed, nigga (Please reap what you sowed, nigga)
I was born in '87, my grand daddy a legend
Now the same shit that y'all was smoking is my profession, let's get it

[Samples]
"You better change what comes out your speaker"
"They must be on the dick of who?"



[Hook]
Not enough time in one lifetime
To love you like you deserve
Not enough time in one lifetime
To love you like you deserve

[Verse 1]
Not a minute more
Not a second more
Not infinite though
Watchu waitin for?
Never nah, no, say
Takin off time
Takin off day
Whatchu fightin for?
When yo booty flow
Who that known it though
Whatchu waitin for?
If you runnin from love
You love her like that
You runnin' from nuns
She running right back
Because it's

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
And I'm on a road
And I'm backin? No
To love you no more
To look back and forth
Till you got it from the
You got it what what
Baba ba ba baa
One a 44
Till I'm on the road
Till you (?) know
I know we would know
Till a (?)
I'm backin' on up
I'm makin mine
Till I cannot stop in the night

[Bridge]
Oh oh yeah
Oh yeah
Throw your hands up
Uh, (?) throw your hands up
And keep em up now
And keep em up high
No no no
Baby no
And we ain't goin' down baby
Oh no no
No, we ain't goin' down
You gotta keep em up high, high
And we ain't going down baby

[Verse 3]
Walla boom mena
I've been on that money
Days of the (?)
Money done side
Paper lined up all fallin'
And they linin club poppin'
And they down to throw
I'm just zonin'
Eh... nah
Actin' like purple salt
I've been on that rhyme till I get it now
Puffin up
Making money
Grindin paper
Make it witch you



[Intro: Bone Thugs-n-Harmony]
And Biggie, Biggie…
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie

[Intro 2: Bone Thugs-n-Harmony]
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high

[Intro 3: Bone Thugs-n-Harmony]
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie

[Intro 4: Bone Thugs-n-Harmony]
No-to-rious, thugs
Nothin' but them thugstas
Nothin' but them thugsta thugstas
No-to-rious, thugs
Nothin' but them thugstas
Nothin' but them thugsta thugstas

[Chorus: Bone Thugs-n-Harmony]
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(No-to-rious, thugs)
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(No-to-rious, thugs)
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Armed and dangerous, ain't too many can bang with us
Straight up weed, no angel dust
Label us "Notorious
Thug-ass niggas that love to bust," it's strange to us
Y'all niggas be scramblin', gamblin'
Up in restaurants with mandolins and violins
We just sittin' here tryna win, try not to sin
High off weed and lots of gin
So much smoke, need oxygen
Steadily countin' them Benjamins
Nigga, you should too if you knew what this game'll do to you
Been in this shit since '92
Look at all the bullshit I been through
So-called beef with you-know-who
Fucked a few female stars or two
Then I blew like, nigga, move like Mike
Shit, not to be fucked with
Motherfucker better duck quick
'Cause me and my dogs love to buck shit
Fuck the luck shit, strictly aim
No aspirations to quit the game
Spit your game, talk your shit
Grab your gat, call your clique
Squeeze your clip, hit the right one
Pass that weed, I got to light one
All them niggas, I got to fight one
All them hoes, I got to like one
Our situation is a tight one
What you gonna do: fight or run?
Seems to me that you'll take B
Bone and Big, nigga, die slowly
I'ma tell you like a nigga told me
"Cash Rules Everything Around Me"
Shit, lyrically, niggas can't see me
Fuck it, buy the coke, cook the coke, cut it
Know the bitch 'fore you caught yourself lovin' it
Nigga with a Benz fuckin' it
Doesn't it seem odd to you?
Big come through with mobs and crews
Goodfellas down to the Mo' Thugs dudes
Who's the killer: me or you?

[Break: Puff Daddy]
We forgive you, for you know not what you do

[Verse 2: Bizzy Bone]
7 AM, woke in the morning
With Hen' and caffeine and green and nicotine
No dough, so pop a couple of doze
Lil' RIPsta, nigga Mista Clean, nigga Dean
Deep in my temple and not to get sentimentally steamed
With my instrumelody, and heated, especially for your team
And a .45 indeed will beam in between the scenes
Destroy your dreams; you willin' to die? We'll see
How many flee when I cause the scene?
We mean mug, Mo' Thugs, trained to be perfect disciples
When it's survival, tongue is a double-edged sword
Triple six rivals spittin' fire
This the real truth, bitch, breakin' out for lies
My Messiah's better be ready for Armageddon, shit's expired
It's wild, bless the child, the one that became a man
Put in positions off in the Clair
All that I had to do was stare
Test me now, contender; never no surrender, no pretend
Pick up my pen, in my hand, one of my trusted friend-friends
Hey, open it! Let's see if we're real, we all suited
Beg my pardon to Martin: baby, we ain't marchin', we shootin'
In daily recruitin', there's a thug born everyday in the ghetto
We start 'em off little, we give 'em a bible
And a pen and a pad to hit the label – kick it, nigga!

[Verse 3: Krayzie Bone]
Nigga roll with Bone up into the Thug spot
To the dome with a shot of bird
Never get tossed to the curb
Be feelin' that urge to splurge
But I'm broke as fuck, Sin, give me that Mossberg swerve!
Up into my bag, ‘cause I gotta get my mask and shells
To put in this 12 gauge sawed-off
Get 'em hauled off, nigga, your loss
Take it all off, got a nigga caught off
But the Bone, not Leatherface
Too many are thinkin' they thugs
And little Mo Hart want to pull it and bust it
And bitch, if you steppin', we buckin' them guts – that's fucked up
Now let me get done with the grime
Gotta go purchase a dime
Put in a state to get done with the crime
Smokin' the reefer to ease my mind
Swig some wine, step on the block with the rocks
But really we be servin' them dummies, see?
Gotta buck him on down
If he come back talkin', like, "Give me back me money!"
Thuggin' with me killers
Need us a liter of liquor, but niggas ain't got shit
With a sawed-off pump, chrome .38 pistol
Now, who ready to get bent?
Nigga like me fiendin' for them green leaves
But I ain't had no dough
Gotta make some money
So I'm makin' my dummy rocks if I go broke

[Chorus: Bone Thugs-n-Harmony]
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

[Verse 4: Layzie Bone]
Yeah, Little Lay, hey, comin' in the form of scripture
Finna get ya and hit ya with magic
Droppin' down lead, but I call it my gadgets
With an automatic-status, we spray
Time to load the Glocks, but I'm thinkin' not
There's another evil force tellin' me to do what I gotta do
So I up my pipe, a nigga dyin' tonight
And I'm always runnin' from the boys in blue
Biggie, blue's on my ass
Pull out the cellular phone to call Bone: "What's happenin'?"
Grab artillery, a nigga start packin'
'Cause a motherfucker tried to get me in a jackin'
And I did him, hit him right between the eyes
The spot was wise; wanna test a nigga size, it'll cost him
Nigga fuck around with the wrong shit
Y'all get mo' murdered all day, all day
We done paved the way and I'm on the run
I'ma call my boys and bring all the guns
Y'all niggas wanna have a little fun with number one, one, one?
Bloody red, red, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum
Bloody red, red, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum
Bloody red, red, rum…

[Chorus: Bone Thugs-n-Harmony]
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon



[Produced by DJ Don Cannon and Kanye West]

[Intro]
(Yeaaah!) How you feelin'?
(Fiiiine!) Feel alright?!

[Verse 1]
I'm so bossy, bitch, get off me
It's a different jingle when you hear these car keys
Your SL's missin' a S, nigga, your plane's missin' a chef
The common theme, see they both got wings
If you fly, do it to death, it's only one God, and it's only one crown
So it's only one king that can stand on this mound
King Push, kingpin, overlord
Coast Guard come a hundred goin' overboard
I got money with the best of 'em
Go blow for blow with any Mexican
Don't let your side bitches settle in
Might have to headbutt your Evelyn
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards
Hard to get a handle on this double-edged sword
Whether rappin' or I'm rappin' to a whore
Might reach back and relapse to wrappin' up this raw
Givenchy fittin' like it's gym clothes
We really gymstars, I'm like D. Rose
No D-League, I'm like this close
'88 Jordan, leapin' from the free throw

[Break]
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards

[Verse 2]
(Motherfuckers can't rhyme no more, 'bout crime no more)
Mix drug and show money, Biggs Burke on tour
25 bricks, move work like chore
Hit Delaware twice, needed 25 more
I see flaw, cracks in your diamond
CB4 when you rhyme, Simple Simon
Come and meet the pieman, a must that I flaunt it
The legend grows legs when it comes back to haunt us
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards
Can't a bitch livin' say I bought her Michael Kors
Every car driven was decided by the horse
Keep the sticker in the window 'case you wonder what it cost
How could you relate when you ain't never been great?
And rely on rap money to keep food up on your plates, nigga?
I might sell a brick on my birthday
36 years of doin' dirt like it's Earth Day, God

[Break]
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards



[Intro: Tyler, the Creator]
Uh, yeah, how you doin' today?
Uh, yeah, uh-huh, yeah
Ace the Creator, man, look
Casey Veggies, uh-huh, Odd Future, look

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Hello, the hype is so mellow
Bitch I'm dope but my pipe is so yellow
The blue polka dots, pink stripes and it's pink on the title
Nigga, fuck your role model, bitch, I'm my own idol and
If you can't face it, my nigga, you can ass it
My accessorized accessories bring out my assets
Nigga they sound on acid, tablets
Stussy’s G-Shock with my custom pair of 3D glasses
I suffer from ADHD
I should win a fucking award for being me
Beat banging the tom-toms
My producer selection is fresh nigga, fuck Vons
Ace the underdog, thrown them on the back bender
Cause I change my outfit more than transsexuals change gender
Eating Belgian waffles with Italian biscotts
I sold my soul to the devil for thirty percent off
And to you emo kids who walk around pissed off
Step one: pull your panties down and start to piss off
Step two: run to your radio, turn this shit off
Nigga didn't bother, so my father didn't help
So when my mom would beat my ass, she would always hit me
With Gucci belts, Gucci imprint from leather welts

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
I'm so dapper man, funky fresh Dapper Dan
I'm your favorite rapper, fan, it's an honor to shake my hand
On award tour, on excursions, I'm a virgin of swap meets
I'm so pure, so sick it's no cure
I'm dope, where the fiends at? Aight, where the jeans at?
The hat, the crew, the t-shirt is Supreme

[Verse 3: Casey Veggies]
And they see me they play Pictionary
I got a good way with words like a dictionary
And in that dictionary my name is by "Fresh"
They at the same spot they making no progress
Becoming a good rapper ain't that easy of a process
Eargasms they have them
The hotels we staying in twelve star
Tyler said, "Yo Casey, just write a twelve bar"
If I'm with twelve people, I'm with twelve stars
You haters put up your guards
They against us? Oh no
Red and white diamonds, Supreme box logo



[Produced by Left Brain]

[Intro]
(Cough)
Fuck... Yo, I gotta stop smoking backwoods

[Verse]
"How you doing?" And what's your motive, ho?
I only trust these bitches bout as far as I can throw 'em
Trying to pay my momma rent, figure that's just what I owe her
I been trouble since I tumbled out that stroller
Strollin', easy down this narrow path, beefin' with your scary ass
'Preme got my little niggas cheesing off the cherry ad
And nigga, that's a great lunch
Poppa swamp and stomping with the skate fucks
Heavy handing tracks until the day the fucking train come
Raised up where every mouth that speak the truth get taped shut
Peep the evening news, my nigga, we don't do the same stuff
Kiwis couldn't take us, boy, I'm jogging around these bases
Niggas pitches need to change, I separated from my main one
It's just another day, another nigga's bitch to face fuck
I been like this since the Motorola Razr
What a bastard that baby was
Little mad nigga missing dad, never praying much
Right around the same time his grandmama drank a bunch
Take the bus, take a niggas seat like it was made for me
I got this nigga Da$h with me, he sipping on some maple leaf
I'm only happy when there's static in the air
Cause the fair weather fake to me
Living in the scope, hairs crossed like adjacent streets
Dare a nigga think it's sweet, never, bitches funny boy
You berries and you honey for the bear that's here to tear and eat
Run a niggas pockets like some errands, make it hasty
I hope the sheriff keep away from me
Hope the sheriff keep away from me
Hope the sheriff keep away from me



[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Let's just run away from here (cause it's not, cause it's not)
Working out on Earth, my dear (cause It's not, cause it's not)
What you really want girl (ooh)
My heart stops pumping blood, when I see you (I see you, when I see you)
But try to play it cool because (I like you, I really like you)

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me...

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Let's move to California
Right now (pack your bags, go pack your bags)
I have wings on my back, so we don't (take the plane, have to take the plane)
Girl, I know you ready, I can see it in your eyes
(Boy, I know you're not, I can tell you're terrified)
Oh, nobody has to know and if they did, they wouldn't care
(When you rub my hands switching fifth gear)
Forget about it baby, let's not waste our afternoon (forget about it baby)
Cause we're gonna go fly to the moon (we're gonna go flyin' to the moon)
Yeah, but anyway (Pack your bags, did you pack your bags)
Leave your crew, bring your coat, cause it’s cold (leave your crew, bring your coat)

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me (ohh)

[Verse 3: Alice Smith (Leon Ware)]
(Don't you wanna go girl)
(Let's go, let's go)
(Right now)
I think I believe you (Let me show you how girl)
It's nice that I need to
The earth is so rough I'm not calling your bluff
What, what, what (She would love that)
I think I believe you
Take me higher
Let's make our way over
To the Okaga cave
Today (today)
There we will stay,  play it cool now
X-Y-Z how?
Welcome me in
Then we'll begin

[Verse 4: Tyler, the Creator]
Suckin' on my ears, fingers rubbing through your hair
Fastwind, slowwind, fuck yeah, we behaving bad, uh
Probably couldn't tell but I be blushing when you with me
When you kiss me, swear to God, blood was rushing to my Jimmy, oh
Laying on my trampoline, looking at the stars
From my fake space fog machine
Laying on my arm, it's dead
From the pressure of your head
I said I loved you, said it back
Like it was scripted, but you meant it
Like the flavor of that lemonade
That we was sippin on our sushi-ridden dinner date
Oh, you think you special now?
Other bitches trippin' now
Cause we're fleeing to the moon
Fuck Earth, man we sick of y'all
Wings on my backs and we ain't gotta cop a ticket, nah, nah, nah

[Coda: Leon Ware]
Oh yeah
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah (Let's go!)
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
(Watch this) Let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah
(Favorite director)
(Gonna be good)
Come on, baby
What you wanna do?
(I’ll be okay)
(I really like you)

[Outro: Alice Smith (Leon Ware)]
Take me away
Fuck what they say
To another place
Another day
We in outer space
We'll waste our days
Sade, Sade, Sade (sade)
Oh, right now (fuck what they say)
Yes!
Let's go to the moon (Yes!)
[?]
(It's about to start)



Don’t let nobody tell you what you can do, what you can believe, what you can achieve. Don’t let nobody but you

You know, people be looking at me like I got a problem or something. Like I’m uncontrollable or something. Like I don’t do what I’m supposed to do. You know it’s like they want to have everybody so brainwashed. They want to control everybody, you know, rumors, lies, media, marketing. It’s like they want to steal you from you, and sell you back to you after they stole it. They want to make you feel like you less than who you really are

Cuz as far as I’m concerned everybody’s a star. See they want to make you feel like you less than you really are. Cuz as far as I’m concerned everybody’s a star

You know, uh, the first thing they do is crush your dreams. Crush your dreams. Then add a couple drops of low self-esteem. And then I don’t think everything is what it seems. And control you with lies. And control you with lies

You know Imma tell you something, first thing they do is crush your dreams. Then let’s add a couple, a couple of drops of low esteem. And they control you with lies. And they control you with lies. And they control you with lies. We goin’ out of control tonight. We goin’ out of control tonight. Ahh

How many people tonight with a show of hands think they are fucking awesome? [Crowd cheers]

Now with a show of hands: How many people tonight have had people tell you your whole life that you wasn’t fucking awesome? [Crowd cheers]

See this is what I’m talking about.This is what I’m talking about. This is what I’m talking about. I mean, this is what I’m talking about, this is what I’m talking about

How many people tonight have ever talked to somebody right, that you know they’ll say, I don’t know what’s wrong with Kanye or make it seem like I’m a bad person in some way, right? Now what have I ever done that was so wrong other than believe in myself? Now believing in yourself is so, so, so wrong that the other side is so, so, so, so strong, they’re trying to beat down and demonize and dishumanize — I don’t know if that’s a word or not, but it’s now a word, cuz I said it’s a fucking word — and try to dishumanize people who believe in themselves. Cuz then what happens? Then you believe in yourself. And then you believe in yourself and you believe anything is possible. How many people believe that what they dream about, what y’all want to do, whether you want to be a doctor or lawyer, a designer, a musician, video-game programmer, a lighting guy, a manager … how many people want to contribute something to the world?

You see, I know you all might have seen some of my interviews and seen me on TV, but what I was saying the whole time is, what I was saying the whole time is, cuz I’m not — [to stagehand] making it lighter, make it lighter, the second, the second light — I’m not particularly angry or anything like that, but what I’m saying is, they taking the idea of celebrity and trying to make me seem I was stupid or something. You know, when I take these meanings and shit, [crowd chants “Kanye”] people they talk to you like you’re stupid or something. And then you look back and say, you know, like I’m not gonna call no names out, I’m not going to mention Nike or nothing like that. I’m not going to say no names or anything

But if you’re a creative and you want to create, and you just want to create more, this is exactly what I’ve been fighting for. So if you hear me talking about Louis Vuitton or the Gucci Group or anything like that. I’m not dissing Louis Vuitton, I’m not dissing the Gucci Group and shit. I’m just saying, don’t discriminate against me, because I’m a black man or because I’m a celebrity, and tell me that I can create, but not feel. Cuz you know damn well there aren’t no black guys or celebrities making no Louis Vuitton nothing. They let Pharrell make those glasses, and we liked them, right? They let me make those shoes, and we liked them right?

And they say, “No, no, no, nigga. Not no more. That’s too much. That’s too much. No, no, no, no, no, no, nigga not no more. That’s way too much. That’s way too much. Stay in your place. Sit in the front of that show and wear this jacket I made you. Stay in your place. Do what you get paid to do. Stay in your place. Don’t embarrass yourself trying to chase your dreams. Save face. Save face.”

That’s why I got this fucking mask on, cuz I ain’t worried about saving face. Fuck my face! Let’s set ‘em off. Pause. Now they finally got a headline. But fuck whatever my face is supposed to mean! Fuck whatever Kanye is supposed to mean! It’s about my dreams. It’s about everybody’s dreams. It’s about creating. It’s not about the idea of being a fucking celebrity, it’s not about the idea of a black man trying to do fashion and shit. Cuz these walls that I break down, these walls that I break down and we will

And I’m arguing with my friend Spike Jonze in the car cuz he said, Kanye, what you need to say is you’re gonna try. You’re gonna try to break them down. Don’t say you’re just going to do it. And I said, I am gonna do it! I told Kim seven years ago, I’m gonna marry you! And I’m telling you right now as I stand on this stage, all this shit that you heard me talking about, I’m gonna come and back all that shit up. You don’t know how hard it was to get the Nikes, that wasn’t my fault. They try to control y’all and try to control me. And when I was in my negotiations, they told me, “We don’t negotiate with celebrities.” That’s like a terrorist. They talk to you like it’s fucking terrorist

You know, I just want to make something awesome. I just want to be awesome, and I want to hang around my awesome friends and change the fucking world, and that’s exactly what I plan to do. And if you plan to do the same, put your hands in the air right now. If you just want to be awesome and make awesome shit and change the fucking world and this is what you plan to do

Let’s have a toast for the douchebags

Source: Vulture



I don't know if y'all know this one thing about me, but I ain't no motherfucking celebrity. I don't know if y'all know this one thing about me, but I'm a terrible, terrible, terrible celebrity. I don't know if you know this one thing about me, but I'm the worst kind, the worst kind, the worst kind of celebrity. Because all I do is make real music. All I do is sit in the studio and make real, real shit. And that's it. That's motherfucking it, that's motherfucking it

So I don't want nobody coming up to me with no cameras trying to like, sell pictures and shit to magazines. Asking me no dumbass questions. Throwing me off of my focus and shit. Harassing you all mothafucking day. I ain't no motherfucking celebrity. No, no, no, no it's not me. It's too much goddamn you. Lower, lower. Octave under

Y'all take the pianos an octave down. Yo, take away the "ha, ha, ha." No "ha, ha, ha." Take that shit

It's so funny, somebody asked me "when you do SNL, are you going to do like a skit about the paparazzi and shit and like humanize yourself?" I ain't here to apologize to no motherfuckers, man. It ain't about me humanizing myself. At what point did I become so inhuman where I had to turn myself back? Or maybe I was demonized, maybe I was treated inhumane in that type of situation. I ain't a fucking celebrity. I ain't running for office. I ain't kissing nobody's motherfucking babies--I drop your baby and then you sue me and shit

I'm trying to make some music that inspires people to be the best they can be -- And I don't want nobody to ask nothing else of me! Don't ask nothing else of me. Motherfuckers chasing you down about to make you crash into shit, and all they want you to make is a nigga to laugh and shit. Hell no I ain't doing no 'SNL' skits, this is my goddamn life, and this ain't no motherfucking joke. That's it, stop that shit



Last time I got here, before I even arrived, they had ‘fuck Kanye’ on the motherfuckin’ port-a-potties. But this year, we gon’ piss on ‘em, on they motherfuckin’ port-a-potties.

How many of y'all don't give a fuck about what the press say? It's 2014. College Dropout came out 2004. I want y'all to know, every time I go to the studio, every time I do an interview, every time I make a motherfuckin' t-shirt, the thing I do, I give it everything I got. And when I talk that shit, it's so that you can talk that shit. If you a fan of me, you a fan of your motherfuckin' self. You can do something that'll change the world. Look at how they try to make me look. They try to make me look crazy. And the people that write that? I don't see them performing for 90,000 motherfuckers … I know you seen movies and shit. Jimi Hendrix. John Lennon. Jim Morrison. I know y'all seen movies and shit. But y'all livin' a movie right motherfucking now. Because I AM THE NUMBER ONE MOTHERFUCKING ROCK STAR ON THE PLANET.

You know, I had a meeting with Oprah Winfrey. She wanted to give me some advice. What she told me was that the corporations are scared of me. I'm like, 'Little ol' me?! Why you scared of me?! Because I tell the kids the truth?! Why y'all scared of me?!' Why they so scared of me? … Little ol' me?' Because I want peoples' minds to finally be free. What's the new cool? What's the new cool? Can you tell me what's the new cool? Because I want to hide behind that. I need some new barricade to hide behind. I need a new cool. What's the new shit out? What's the new shit out with the most commercials at the Super Bowl? Let's just stop the music and play a Bruno Mars song right now, how about that? They told me I would never play at the Super Bowl. They told me I could never play at the Super Bowl. Not until I'm super old. Not until I'm super old … They told me I would never play at the Super Bowl. They told me I would never play at the Super Bowl, at least not until I'm super old. So I think it's time—hold up, f—k that toast.

But I promise y'all tonight, as I stand here, 37-years-old, this is only the beginning. This is only the beginning … Because in all honesty, I'm not gonna lie to y'all right now, this might not come off as humble, but I'm gonna tell y'all the truth. I ain't concerned about nobody that's actually living. I know people get mad at me when I compare myself, but that's the only way I can explain what my aspirations are. When I'm talkin' 'bout Walt Disney, when I'm talkin' 'bout Howard Hughes, when I'm talkin' 'bout Henry Ford, when I'm talkin' 'bout Beethoven, when I talk about Mozart, when I talk about Shakespeare, and they all had their time on this earth. And I'm only 37. And right now I'm rockin' to 90,000, of y'all motherfuckers right now. So I ain't goin' at anybody on the radio. I'm goin' after Shakespeare. I'm goin' after Walt Disney. I'm going after Howard Hughes. I'm going after David Stern. I'm goin' after Henry Ford. I'm going after Elon Musk. Okay, he is living, but he's my boy. Whether you believe it or not … you can only achieve as high as you believe. You can only achieve as high as you believe … And just like Martin had a dream, and just like Kendrick had a dream. I believe in everything. I believe in anything. You can only believe … I can only stand here when I been fucked up so many times. Fucked up so many times … And I know that I ain't perfect. But everything I'm not makes me everything I am.

I came to Bonnaroo six months after my mom passed. Pearl Jam went on three hours long. I did the Glow In The Dark show here. My shit was going on when the motherfuckin' daylight was comin' on. They said I was runnin' late. They blared my motherfuckin' tanks, my cryo, my pyro, they wrote 'FUCK KANYE' on that shit. Y'all wrote that shit in the press. WHERE THE PRESS AT? Y'all gonna write all these motherfuckers puttin' they hands up right now? WHERE THE PRESS AT? WHERE THE PRESS AT? WHERE THE PRESS AT? Man, I'll run that shit. This is real rock n' roll. If you ever grew up on real music, the reason why you write that shit about music? I'm from the South Side of Chicago. I dreamed of R. Kelly giving me a deal.

Somebody told me that everybody on the plane was coming out here to Bonnaroo, to come check me out, and you know, it humbled me. It humbled me, and at the same time gave me confidence. It gave me a quiet confidence, a steel confidence, a feeling that it was actually gonna happen, a feeling that it was God's plan. God's plan. God's plan, something I could never understand, understand, understand, it's all in God's plan. God's plan. God's plan. God's plan … So whether you believe it or not … the fact that there are so many people here tonight, it humbles me. It humbles me—but not in the Webster's definition of humility. It humbles me in a way that gives me strength, to know that it's in God's plan. And I know I set my goals very high.



How y'all feelin' tonight? Thank y'all for coming out to this impromptu type important performance, let me just say that right quick. I love the energy in this city - this is one of my all-time towns y'all know I stay out here. But I came here for the creativity more than anything, because creativity fuels everything

I hate business people. People get on the phone with me and tell me ya know like, 'What kind of business can you do, though? What type of business are you doing? What's the numbers? How much did you sell? What's the radio spins? How much shampoo can you sell with your face on it and shit?

Remind me again why we in this shit
Can you remind me again why we in this shit?

Remind me again why we in this shit (3x)
I know it's for more than to just get rich
Since when was making music about getting rich?
Since when was making art about getting rich?
And I know it's easy for me to say cause
Having money's not anything and not having it is

Remind me again why we in this shit
Remind me again why the Grammys couldn't suck my dick

Remind me again who's the original Superfly -
And I got love for Hov but I ain't fuckin' with that "Suit and Tie."

Remind me again
Remind me again why we in this shit -
Every nigga tryin' get rich
Every rapper tryin' get rich
And every rapper rap about fuckin' somebody else... bitch

Remind me why we in this shit -
And why the Grammys can suck my dick, suck my big, black dick

And every motherfuckin' sponsor, shit
They try to put their logos all over the concerts and shit
For a meet-and-greet, and you gotta meet the execs and their daughter
And they'll show you what they just bought her

Remind again why we in this shit -
Real niggas don't live too long in this shit. (x5)
They say either you comin' on too strong in this shit -
They always talkin' 'bout what I'm doing wrong in this shit
Well I COULD GIVE A FUCK ABOUT ANYTHING, DICK
I COULD GIVE A FUCK ABOUT ANYTHING DICK!
Remind me why we in this shit -
I lost my motherfuckin' mama
So I could give a fuck about your comments
I promise
Cause we all gonna die one day
BUT I'MMA LIVE MY LIFE MY WAY!

Remind me why we in this shit? Please? can I sell a drink for you please?
So you can help me put on a better show, Please? Corporations?
Can you please support me? I swear I'm a nice nigga now. I swear I'll put the pink polo back on. I swear to you. Please. Just for three million dollars. I need it so bad. I need a new pool in my back yard. So I tell all my fans that your shit is cool. And if they believe in me they should also believe in you. Did you get the check yet? I have to call a business manager - did the corporations send the check yet? What's my public rating right now? Are people liking me again? Enough to get money from the corporations - is it OK now? They forgot about the whole Beyonce thing right? Okay cool. Is it OK now?

Remind me why we in this shit -

Nigga I'mma make my music from my heart, and I live and I die by
Everything that I say and everything that I do
And everything that I make is what I believe to be true
And if that shit don't make sense and sound like nonsense
I don't give a fuck - cause that was my stream of conscience
And that's the way I felt at that time
And feelings was the only facts
And Racism and materialism is killing blacks
And one more thing, if I can ask -
One more thing if I can ask -
Cause in this life our life just moves too fast
And time is something you will never get back
What's your quality of life?
What's your quality of life?
And that's why I mean it when I say I hope you have a good time tonight
I hope you have a good time tonight...

LONDON! It's Louise Wilson's birthday tonight - an inspiration, not the lead instrument I'm the lead instrument. Happy birthday to Louise who taught Alexander McQueen... and Kanye West, even though she doesn't want me to put that on my resume. But I just feel sometimes like there is no good ideas and no real ideas and nothing sincere left. And everything's been so homogenized. And it's all Big Business, and there's no creativity. When really we have the ability to have a union Utopia if we just help each other, if we just use our resources and stop trying to compete against each other and
Beat each other and
Eat each other
And maybe come together and try to teach each other and
Reach each other and
Maybe try to come together and love each other
Love each other and
Love one another, man
The way you love your mother, man
The way you should love her, man

Y'already understand
Cause this is our shit
And this is our clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my motherfuckin' clique
I said ain't nobody fresher than MY MOTHERFUCKIN' CLIQUE!



[Meyers]: Fashion is obviously very important to you. You’re designing again, in fashion. Tell me, what’s the difference in how you approach fashion to how you approach music? Is it similar, is it completely different?

[West]: Everything in the world is exactly the same.

[Meyers]: Alright, great. I don’t think we’re done but I think I’m going to sign off.

[West]: Meaning like, you can do comparable people like - who would you compare Daniel Day-Lewis or Phillip Seymour Hoffman to musically, or in fashion, directing, architecturally? Who was your favorite teacher when you were growing up? It’s certain people that when - that teacher when you’re in eighth grade, that this person really cared and you knew this person cared about you as a student and gave everything they had and they were meant to do that. It’s other people that were just like getting a check or something. It’s all the same. You know, for me I give you paintings, sonic paintings. I have synesthesia; I can see sound in front of me. So, when I want to do fashion, I just want to give you sculptures. So it’s like Michelangelo; the church wanted him to paint, and he just wanted to do sculptures. So the hard – the difficult thing for me that everyone doesn’t understand, I just want to be able to use marble and make sculptures. But, due to the fact that I’m a celebrity, all these different things they’re like “no, you can’t do this, you have to do this kind of line.”

So, it’s kind of the first of its kind so that’s the reason why there’s been a lot of confusion as to why I want to do it, to why is he getting so frustrated about it. It’s like: why don’t you just do music? It’s an overall creative expression. Like I have a friend, Yves Béhar, that designed the Jawbone wristband and stuff, and the Jambox and everything. As a designer, you know, he's not in a box to only design, you know, a speaker. He can design whatever he wants and I'm like, that's the type of creative expression and freedom any creative, you know, wants.

And as, you know, get really successful at one thing you start to grow, and you're like - you feel like you can do more things, and your shoe starts to get a little bit tight, and you do everything you can to get a bigger shoe so you can walk further and run faster. And people are like now in this day and age, if you don't believe it, it's like they're like "No, Kanye, you can't run faster. This is the limit that was made. This is the walls that Michael Jackson broke down for you, and Jay Z and Russell Simmons broke down for you. This is the end of it. So I'm in the process, 2013 all of the controversy about why - I'm in the process of breaking down walls that people will understand 10 years from now - 20 years from now.



# ok very serious question…

# whose job is it to carry the head on the plane # hash tag #  do you check the mickey mouse head or carry on #  does it get  hot?

# ok another super serious question   ...  is there a portable fan situation?

# hash tag you raised Tidal’s subscriptions by a whopping 🐭🐭🐭downloads

# I’m bored  ### when you get married will your wife have a giant minnie mouse head? # This brightened up my day… thank you dead-mow-five

Do you do birthday parties?? My daughter loves Minnie mouse…

Can you please bring the minnie mouse head … not yours   she specifically likes minnie mouse …

I need you to perform at her party with specifically a minnie mouse dead-mow-five head… not a mickey mouse dead-mow-five head

I’m very detailed oriented and I will know the difference so don’t try to just throw a bow on the original head…

I want to stream you performing in a Minnie Mouse head on @Tidal



How many of you people came here with someone you love tonight. If you love somebody tonight, hold on real tight. Hold on, hold on. If you love somebody tonight, hold on real tight. If you love somebody tonight, hold on, hold on. Hold on tonight

Tonight I was thinking about being as safe as possible, I don't want to say nothing politically incorrect. [???] A very safe musician. I've been thinking about it. I've been thinking about going backstage and not saying nothing at all, is that cool? Uhh, before I go back there I got to ask you one question. Just one real quick. Just one. CAN I TALK MY SHIT AGAIN? CAN I TALK MY SHIT AGAIN? Can I talk my shit? Can I talk my shit? It's like I always find, I always find, I always find something wrong. Cause I've been putting up with they shit just way too long. I'm so gifted at finding what they don't like the most. So if they find that they don't like the most

You know, it's so interesting cause they're trying to make me, like you just read the, Don't me ask about the motherfucking mask, you know what it comes off of. [?]. It's the Yeezus shit. You know when you, if you read the headlines and read like, random blogs or whatever the fuck they might put up, you know, it's funny how they, they always try to bring up the negative or, bring up the things that sound the most out of context. You know it's like, have you ever felt out of place ever, like, out of context like someone just didn't understand, like they just didn't understand what you wanted to do, what you was trying to do, or what, or what you was dreaming of. Have you ever, have you ever been scared to say, to say your dreams out loud? Have you ever been just a little bit afraid to say your dreams out loud? Have you been afraid to dream in front of a crowd, to dream in front of a crowd, to dream in front of a crowd, to dream out loud?

I had a dream. I had a dream that I was Steve Jobs. I had a dream that I was Walt Disney. I had a dream that I was The Wright Brothers. I had a dream that I was Thomas Edison. I had a dream that I was Mandela. I had a dream that I was Martin Luther King. I had a dream, I had a dream, I had a dream. I had a dream, I had a dream. And I'm not afraid to dream out loud. You know you just get so scared that people are gonna think you're crazy, or that you're stupid, or that you're foolish, or this is the time that everybody thinks you're losing your mind, but I'm not losing my mind, I'm using my mind! I'm not losing my mind, I'm using my mind. So don't mind me, don't mind me, don't mind me. I'm not losing, I'm not losing my mind, I'm using my mind. So don't mind me, nevermind me, never, never, nevermind me. If what I'm saying, appeals to you, and makes you feel like you can be a better you, than thats good for me. And if what I'm saying offends you, and makes you feel like the worst you, than that's good for me too, true. That's good for me too, true. That's good for me too, true

Cause there's only two types of people, there's dreamers and there's haters. There's dreamers and there's haters. And all I've been doing recently is cutting the grass real low. So if you a dreamer, everybody will know. And if you a hater, make yourself be seen, CAUSE I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT YOU, THATS WHAT I MEAN! Cut the grass real low, cut the grass real low, cut the grass real low. [?] I find [?], cause I feel like I just try sometimes. And I'm not afraid at all. I'm not afraid to fall. I'm not afraid to fall. I'm not afraid to fall. I'm not afraid at all. I'm not afraid at all. THEY CAN'T STAND ME! THEY CAN'T CONTROL ME! THEY CAN'T HOLD ME! THEY CAN'T HOLD ME! THEY CAN'T HOLD ME! THEY CAN'T HOLD ME!!! THEY CAN'T HOLD ME!

I ain't saying, when I say you I'm talking about public perception, I'm talking about backlash, I'm talking about all the tools they use to hold dreamers back, to make them look like motherfucking lunatics. How many people you know, that you talk to on a day to day basis, that made a motherfucking mountain open up in Tampa tonight? So all the other shit I'm talking about, is it crazy or is it possible? Put your hands up if you think anything is possible. Put your hands up if you think anything is possible, if you think anything is possible, if you think anything is possible. Cause God made us in his image. And God made us all artists as children, God made us all artists as children. And somehow that peer pressure takes the artist out of you. Somehow the world can leave you so [?] confused, and you forget who you are. But I'm remembering, I'm remembering, I'm remembering

Cause most people, you know they say, they say people in my position, what ever that position is, like a celebrity or you make money, you have some type of status or some shit, you don't wanna fuck it up right? You don't wanna ruin your name, you don't wanna say anything wrong. So what you do is you get on TV you just smile, you just wave, and you try to be as safe as possible, cause you don't wanna fuck up enough, BUT I WANNA FUCK EVERYTHING UP!!! I WANNA FUCK EVERYTHING UP! I WANNA FUCK UP AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE 'CAUSE I'm STILL BEATING! As long as my heart is beating, as long as I'm dreaming. And I'mma stay kicking and dreaming, kicking and screaming, kicking and dreaming

I feel like it's my responsibility to turn up. I feel like it's my responsibility to turn up. And I stand here, the Gemini that I am, and there are so many examples throughout our history: Miles Davis, Biggie Smalls, Lauryn Hill, Prince, 2Pac. The Gemini that I am, it is my responsibility to turn up and tell you the truth. And if I get in so much trouble for telling you the truth, and if I, if I get in so much trouble for telling you the truth, then the rest of the time, the rest of the time, what the fuck were they telling you? If I get in so much trouble for telling you the truth, then the rest of the time, what the FUCK were they telling you?!? What the fuck are they telling you? So don't let nobody kill your dreams, don't let nobody tell you what you can do. Cause the more you accomplish, the more they wanna say you look like a fool. Following what you want to tonight, and you gotta an opportunity in the world

How many people are under 20 tonight? How many people are under 30 tonight? Under 40, under 50, under 60, GOD DAMMIT YOU ALIVE, YOU ALIVE, YOU ALIVE, YOU ALIVE, YOU ALIVE, YOU ARE LIVING, YOU ARE BREATHING, SO [??] YOU HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY IN THIS WORLD!!!



[Intro]
I get no kick from champagne
Mere alcohol doesn't thrill me at all
So tell me why shouldn't it be true?
I get a kick out of brew

[Verse]
There's only one beer left
Rappers screaming all in our ears like we're deaf
Tempt me, do a number on the label
Eat up all they emcees and drink 'em under the table
Like, "It's on me—put it on my tab, kid"
However you get there, foot it, cab it, iron horse it
You're leaving on your face, forfeit
I crush the mic, hold it like the heat, he might toss it
Told him tell her they stole it, he told her he lost it
She told him, "Get off it," and a bunch of other more shit
Getting money, DT's be getting no new leads
It's like he eating watermelon, stay spitting new seeds
It's the weed, give me some of what he drooping off
Soon as he wake up, choking like it was whooping cough
They group been soft
First hour at the open bar and they're trooping off
He went to go laugh and get some head by the side road
She asked him autograph her derriere, read
"To Wide Load, this yard bird taste like fried toad turd
Love, Villain." Take pride in code words
Crooked eye mold nerd geek with a cold heart
Probably still be speaking in rhymes as an old fart
Study how to eat to die by the pizza guy
No he's not too fly to skeet in a skeezer eye
And squeeze her thigh, maybe give her curves a feel
The same way she feel it when he flow with nerves of steel
They call the super when they need their back, uhh, plumbing fixed
"How there only one left? The pack comes in six!
Whatever happened to two and three?"
A herb tried to slide with four and five and got caught like, "What you doing G?
Don't make me have to get cutting like truancy
Matter fact, not for nothing, right now, you and me!"
Looser than a pair of Adidas
I hope you brought your spare tweeters, MC's sound like cheerleaders
Rapping and dancing like Red Head Kingpin
DOOM came do his thing again, no matter who be blingin'
He do it for the smelly hubbies
Seeds know what time it is like it's time for Tellie Tubbies
Few can do it, even fewer can sell it
Take it from the dude who wears mask like a 'tarded helmet
He plots shows like robberies
In and out, one, two, three, no bodies, please
Run the cash and you won't get a wet sweatshirt
The mic is the shotty: nobody move, nobody get hurt
Bring heat like your boy done gone to war
He came in the door, and "Everybody on the floor!"
A whole string of jobs like we on tour
Every night on the score, coming to your corner store

[Skit]
There, it is done
Now that the representative from South Africa has been mind programmed
All of the world leaders on earth are under my control
And when they meet tomorrow in special session
I, Doom, shall be voted: Master of the World
My plan is foolproof, but just in case
And what about snow?

[Skit 2]
Now you keep your eyes open
When I tell ya, start snappin' (Oh yeah, sure)
Uh, ladies and gentlemen
I am risking my life to tell you with great concern that I must warn you
I, I, you must listen
Many among you, have, have, have their minds taken over
(What a story, start snappin’)
DOOM, gosh, I wish I’d brought my autograph book
(Your attempts at humor bore me) Right lead head
You’re weird
Why is everyone staring at us?
(Aw, I should have realized, we must look like freaks to them)
Relax masseur, just do your thing
(Get a good grip on my-)
What? Why I’ll bend your read out meter for ya, you little
(Knock it off, Ben)
What’s the matter? (Oh, Ben)
You’re nothing but a chicken head
(You overgrown granite head) Hold it

[Produced by Madlib]



[Intro: Kyla]
Baby, I like your style

[Verse 1: Drake]
Grips on your waist, front way, back way
You know that I don't play
Streets not safe but I never run away
Even when I'm away
Oti, oti
There's never much love when we go OT
I pray to make it back in one piece
I pray, I pray

[Chorus: Drake]
That's why I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me

[Refrain: Kyla]
Baby, I like your style

[Verse 2: Drake]
Strength and guidance
All that I'm wishing for my friends
Nobody makes it from my ends
I had to bust up the silence
You know you gotta stick by me
Soon as you see the text, reply me
I don't wanna spend time fighting
We've got no time

[Chorus: Drake]
And that's why I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me

[Bridge: Wizkid]
Got a pretty girl and she love me long time
Wine it, wine it, very long time
Oh yeah, very long time
Back up, back up, back up and wine it
Back up, back up and wine it, girl
Back up, back up, back up and wine it
Oh yeah, very long time
Back, up, back up and wine it, girl

[Refrain: Kyla + Wizkid]
Tell me
I need to know, where do you wanna go?
Cause if you're down, I'll take it slow
Make you lose control
Where, where, where
Where, where, where, where
Oh yeah, very long time
Where, where, where
Back, up, back up and wine it, girl
Where, where, where, where
Cause if you're down
Back up, back up and
Cause if you're down
Back up, back up and
Cause if you're down
Back up, back up and

[Chorus: Drake]
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me
I need a one dance
Got a Hennessy in my hand
One more time 'fore I go
Higher powers taking a hold on me



Wait a second, would you rather me not talk at all? ’Cause I don’t want to like, I don’t want to rattle no cages or nothing, I don’t want to like, I don’t want to get in trouble. I want to be scared. I’m trying my best to be scared. I’m trying my hardest to be scared. No, no, no, I don’t want to talk. I don’t want to talk at all. As a matter of fact I’m just going to tip-toe on this

I’m scared of anonymous comments online. I’m scared of them. These words affect me so much. They affect me so much. No, I’m sorry. I’m scared, I’m scared. I’m scared of these corporations, like, not giving me another deal that they didn’t give me already. I’m scared. I’m scared.  I’m so shook. I’m so, so scared. So scared. Soooo

You ain’t never seen, you ain’t ever seen, that my great, great, great, granddaddy somehow ended up on that boat. Somehow he ended up on that boat. But I know that we were royalty. I know we built the pyramids. I know anything is possible. I know anything is possible. And everybody has a moment in time and I picked y’all when I was walking in Madison Square Garden, I just wanted to make sure, thank y’all for giving me this moment in time. ’Cause everybody has a moment. And in your moment you gotta own it. There’s so many people have a moment and they don’t own it

You know, it’s so funny when people compliment me and they say the word genius, and somehow that like, separates me from rappers in some way, there’s the connotation of that. But what I need y’all to realize is Jay Z is a genius. And I need y’all to understand that Drake is a genius. I need y’all to understand that rap is an amazing way to express genius

’Cause just as an architect would build buildings, we put our words together to express the shit that we going through. We are the modern day poets, obviously. But why are so many writers so condescending to the rappers? Why do they try to classify us as musicians as being ignorant in some way? Why do they try to classify us, as far as the classes go? You know how it goes, right? I think it’s like a battle between art and architecture as the top. And if you’re an artist or an architect, you look down upon a fashion designer. And if you’re a fashion designer, you look down upon a musician. And if you a musician, you sign a deal with a corporation so you can buy a bigger house. And every time you go in the studio you watch your fucking mouth

You watch, you watch your fucking mouth. You don’t, you don’t want to lose this house. But when they write these history books, they’re not going to talk about what house we had. When they write the history books they aren’t going to talk about the money we made. They’re going to talk about the impact we had. They’re going to talk about the impact we had

And being that I saw The Hunger Games today, I wanted to bring up something, because it was very inspiring. It felt like almost a mimic of my exact life and shit. I know it. I was like, “Baby we gotta be on that movie board when they writing this shit.” And I saw Lenny Kravitz. There wouldn’t be no song called “Niggas in Paris” if it wasn’t for Lenny Kravitz. ’Cause that was the first nigga in Paris. Fucking with the models and shit, rocking Rick Owens head-to-toe and shit. Black. Rock. Star

But what’s interesting to me is like I was fond of hanging out with different people, in Paris, right. ’Cause Lenny Kravitz has like, the best taste. And he has like the dopest crib in Paris, everybody knows about it. And I don’t know if you know this, but he designs furniture, he designs lighting fixtures, and he had been working on a clothing line for a long, long, long, long, long, long, long time. Long time. Long, long, long, long time

And the designers would love it when Lenny Kravitz would show up at their fashion show. Yeah we gonna take some pictures of Lenny Kravitz and we gonna say he’s at the such and such show, and that’s gonna promote our brand. Hey Lenny, promote it the best you can. Hey Lenny, promote it the best you can. Hey Lenny, promote it the best you can. Best you can. Hey Kanye, promote it the best you can. Hey Kanye, promote us the best you can. From Paris to New York all the way to Japan. Hey Kanye, I mean Lenny, I mean any of you niggas, promote it the best you can. Any of you niggas promote if the best you can

So I said, “Wait a second, though.” I said, “I’ve got a dream of doing my clothing and I, I want to learn about furniture,” and you know what they told me when I was in Paris? You know when the W Magazine writer came out and wrote that classist-ass interview about me? You know what they said? You know what the billionaires told me? I went to about three or four different people and you know what they told me when I told them about my dreams? They said,  “Lenny Kravitz wanted the same, same thing.” They said, “Lenny Kravitz wanted the same, same thing.” Don’t let me sing because I want y’all to understand that I need to talk to you. They told me, “Hey that’s cute, that’s the same thing Lenny wanted to do.” Like it’s a motherfucking joke. It wouldn’t be no Kanye west if it wasn’t for Lenny Kravitz. You know what I’m saying?

But the only difference between me and Lenny Kravitz is I turned up on these niggas. I don’t give a fuck about looking cool or being cool. And this is no disrespect to Lenny. But they got this shit called cool, everybody want to look cool, everybody want to be cool, everybody don’t want to break their motherfucking cool, don’t nobody want to look like a fool
My boy [?], who used to work for Donda and now designs stages for Jay Z and Justin. The other day he said a word that I hadn’t heard people say before. And he said he was working at some corporation, and the head of the corporation is always like, kind of down on him and shit, and the word was to marginalize. To marginalize. And then he also said he tried to make him look like an idiot in front of people, right? So has anyone here tonight ever read a piece of press or saw something or heard something on the radio where they tried to make me look like an idiot? Wait a second, I don’t know, have you ever heard anything in the press where they’re trying to make me look stupid? You know what I’m saying, like I’m actually stupid. (Laughs) You know what I’m saying, like I’m not smart, like stupid. Like, like what the fuck is wrong with him? You know what I’m saying? Have y’all ever read or heard someone say, “I don’t like Kanye West”?

I’ll tell you something. Have you ever heard anyone talk shit about Lenny Kravitz though? He’s a nice guy. He’s a nice guy. He’s so well-mannered. I envy manners. I envy it. I envy people who are extremely likeable. I’m like, “Damn, I wish I could be likeable like them.” I wish people would like me like that

So what they basically did was, at Fashion Week… Let me explain something to you… I don’t give a fuck about fashion. I care about talent. I care about creativity. And it just so happens that with the advent of the Louis Vuitton bag, fashion rise to the top, and stole all of the creativity to only work for its small box, and sell it back to you at a higher price. That’s what the fuck fashion is to me. I care about dreamers. I care about heart. I care about soul. Not those who are marginalized

So if you think about someone like McQueen. Instead of being forced to make some fucking T-shirts with a skull on it, why wasn’t he allowed to make movies? He was just as good as Tarsem, he’s just a good a visualist as anyone else. But they would marginalize him as only a fashion designer. Which, let’s rewind, is above a music producer, and it’s above a rapper

’Cause you gotta stay in your tier, in your section. You gotta stay right there, you can’t move. But if you pay for a ticket, you wanted to come to see this show, and you standing right there, right? And when you’re trying to go you say I want to go up there, a security guard stops you, and then holds you, and if you start screaming the paparazzi catch you, catch you with your face looking all crazy, and then you scream out loud, and you got to really scream, you gotta say, “I am a god!” Just for them to let you a little bit up

But you know who fucked it up for everyone? Marc Jacobs. Because he gave two niggas a shot, me and Pharrell. He fucked the whole game up, and Pharell’s such a nice guy. ’Cause soon as I was able to make that Louis Vuitton sneaker, and the world reacted—I didn’t price it, but the world reacted to it—I got to see what it meant to create inside of that type of production facility. And wait a second, the same guy that was creative enough to make all of this [gestures back to his stage setup], that’s worn Jordans his whole life, could create a sneaker with Louis Vuitton and people reacted to that. And I said, I made another color. I did a pink model, and I did a red model, and I named them after my friends. I made one in Jasper after Ivan Jasper and one Mr. Hudson after Mr. Hudson, and one, the Louis Vuitton Don, for my nigga Don C. And that last day in the factory, I was going through the colors and it came to me, when they made me do a couple pictures and shit, and I called back after they sold out. And they said, “I’m sorry, Mr. West, but you’re not going to be able to create anything else in here. You’re not going to be able to create anything else again.” They said, “I’m sorry,” and I said, “But wait a second. I sold out.” They said, “I’m sorry Mr. West, you can never create anything else again.”

And right there, I was scared. Right there I was scared. ’Cause I thought that if I just went to their fashion show again and I just sat down like a good nigga they would let Lenny Kravitz get his shot! I thought maybe, maybe they would let Pharell get his shot. But no, no, no. Fuck you, nigga. Fuck you, nigga. Fuck you, nigga. Is that abrasive enough for you? ’Cause that’s what it is. Fuck you, nigga. Is that abrasive enough for you?

And what about Mark Parker, and what about Hedi Slimane? I thought Hedi Slimane was my friend, and that’s why I’m so hurt. How many names did people call me for wearing tight jeans when I’m the rapper that wore tight jeans and shit, that brought tight jeans to the ghetto and shit? I thought I was Hedi Slimane designing motherfuckin’ tight jeans that you want. I’m the nigga that, you know I’m rocking that shit. Then he had his first fashion show, and I was so happy for him. I was so, so, so happy for him. And he told me, you can come to my show, but you just can’t go to Riccardo’s show and you can’t go to Phoebe’s show

But he wouldn’t say that to Anna Wintour. He wouldn’t say that to [?]. And now his whole shit based off of rock and roll, and you trying to tell the number one rock star on the planet where the fuck he can go? So he can sell y’all, some motherfucking $10,000 pair of jeans? Fuck fashion. Fuck fashion. I mean, what’s the worst thing they gonna do, not help me again? What’s the worst they gonna do tell me I can’t go to these shows again? What’s the worst they gonna do, tell me that because I’m a musician, I don’t have any ideas for clothing again? What’s the worst they gonna do, marginalize me again? And never let Pharrell get his shot, and never let Lenny get his shot?

But I’mma tell y’all right now, I will take that spot. I am 2Pac of this clothing shit.  And I’mma take that spot, and we gonna combine all the creators, the best creators on the planet, and we gonna lower the motherfucking prices, so everybody can get it. And we ain’t gonna steal from people’s ideas like H&M. And we ain’t gonna steal people’s ideas like Zara. We gon’ make our own shit. We gon’ combine the best creators on the planet, and we gon’ take them from Harvard, and we gon’ take them from St. Mark's, and we gon’ take ’em from the street

And I’m sorry I went so long tonight. I know you just want to hear another motherfuckin’ hit song tonight. I’m so sorry I went so long tonight. I know you just want to hear another motherfuckin’ hit song tonight. Hit song tonight, hit song tonight. Another hit song, another hit song. Yes they do. I ask people about it, I tell them that I’m this creator, and they say I need another hit song. They say I need another hit song, hit song tonight, hit song…

Hold up, hold up. I’m sorry, if anyone out there thinks they can do anything, put your hands up right motherfuckin’ now! Almost forgot that part



[Mike Myers]: With the breach of three levees protecting New Orleans, the landscape of the city has changed dramatically, tragically, and perhaps irreversibly. There is now over twenty-five feet of water where there was once city streets and thriving neighbourhoods.

[Kanye West]: I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family, it says “they’re looting.” If you see a white family, it says “they’re looking for food.” And you know, it’s been five days because most of the people are black and even for me to complain about I would be a hypocrite because I’ve tried to turn away from the TV because it’s too hard to watch. I’ve even been shopping before even giving a donation.  So now I’m calling my business manager right now to see what’s… what is the biggest amount I can give and… and just to imagine if I was… if I was down there and those are… those are my people down there. So anybody out there that wants to do anything that we can help. With… with the setup, the way America is set up to help the…uh the uh, the poor, the… the black people, the uh… the less well-off as slow as possible. I mean, this is, Red Cross is doing everything they can. We… we already realize a lot of the people that could help are at war, right now, fighting another way, and they’ve… they’ve given them permission to go down and shoot us.

[Mike Myers]: And subtle and but in even many ways more profoundly devastating is the lasting damage to the survivors’ will to rebuild and remain in the area. The destruction of the spirit of the people of Southern Louisiana and Mississippi may end up being the most tragic loss of all.

[Kanye West]: George Bush doesn’t care about black people.



Kid Cudi, don't ever mention Ye name! I birthed you. We out here dealing with that emo shit all the time. Me, Pat, Don C, don't never mention Ye name! Don't try to say who I can do songs with. You mad 'cos I'm doing songs with Drake. Ain't nobody telling Ye who to do songs with. Respect the god! Run it back Mike.

[continued]

Me and your parents is cool. You know how many people wish they could be signed to G.O.O.D. Music, get their life changed? Had that opportunity? Never... forget that. I'm so hurt. I feel so disrespected.

Kid Cudi, we two black men in a racist world. I wore skinny jeans first. I got called names before you bruh. Why y'all gotta be coming at me? This ain't the end of the "Malcolm X" movie!

I'm out here fighting for y'all! Creatives. Artists. Independent thinkers.

Don't never mention my name! In a bad manner!

None of y'all!



[On tour merchandise featuring the Confederate flag imagery]

React how you want. Any energy you got is good energy. You know, the Confederate flag represented slavery. That’s my abstract take on what I know about it.

So I made the song “New Slaves.” So I took the Confederate flag and made it my flag. It’s my flag now, now whatchu gonna do?

[...]

It looks cool. I like at maybe 800 images a day. You know, I’ve been working on clothing seriously for the past 11 years.

It’s colorless also. It’s super, like, hood and super white-boy-approved at the same time. And that’s really what my style’s always been, because I lived in the suburbs, where, you know, I was known as the Black kid, and I lived in the hood where I was known as the kid who spent his summers in the suburbs.

My dad was a military brat, and he would be around white people back then when it was like, racism was really popular and people would be racist against him, and he’d get around Black people and they’d kinda discriminate against him because they’d say he acted ‘white’ or talked ‘white.’ So there are times when I’ll talk and you’ll hear some of that white--or what people call ‘white’--the suburb voice come through and it’s times you’ll hear some of that Chicago come through. I’m influenced by all those things.

I lived in China when I was in fifth grade with my mother, she’s an English professor, and she taught high-level English. And it was my hint at being a celebrity because they hadn’t seen Black people on TV, so people would stare at me all the time.

[...]

There will never be another Backstreet Boys, Not in this day and age. It’s gonna be artists like Lorde, singer songwriters, that are gonna come up. This is Instagram, this is the information highway. And I talk to these heads, you know, these older dudes that run companies, and it’s hilarious to me! I only listen to people who are younger than me! These are the only people with ideas. You cannot give me any advice! You can help me. You can support Donda. You can cut a check. But I have the ideas! No one older than me has a better idea than me because I’m the only 36 year old me! I’m the most relevant voice on the planet Earth, at age 36, post being the most hated. So don’t try to tell me anything! Help me! Help me, help other people.

[Do you talk to corporations like that? They don’t like being uncomfortable.]

We are uncomfortable. 500 kids are dying in Chicago a year. We are uncomfortable. Just because we’re being a gated community doesn’t mean that things are comfortable.

The thing is, we have the resources on this planet to have a human utopia, to have respect for each other, mankind. We have that. But we’re too concerned about getting the next Hollywood film on Netflix. We have the resources. There’s new billionaires everyday. You apply the right type of thinkers, like the Elon Musks, the people with the real ideas.

Like, politics is dead. It’s over with. These kids need some type of real truth.



[Kanye West]
I'd rather just let the music speak for itself. You know, it's like, I was happy to be in a situation where people couldn't say, oh, I was trying to promote my own song. For the times that I've, like, defended myself...

I'm pushing the envelope! I wrote my fuckin' 'Run This Town' verse for a fuckin' month! When I heard Eminem's verse on the Drake shit, I went back and rewrote my shit for two days. I canceled appointments to rewrite! I fuckin' care! You know what I'm saying? And that's what I'm saying. Because I did that, Taylor Swift cannot win over Beyoncé! Because I wrote my verse in two days, Taylor Swift cannot beat Beyoncé. As long as I'm alive! And if I'm alive, kill me then! Kill me then! As long as I'm alive, you gon' have to deal with it. Cause there ain't gonna be no more motherfucking Elvises with no James Browns

[Female voice]
Why are you so angry? What's the anger?

[Kanye West]
Because my mother got arrested for the fuckin' sit-ins. My mother died for this fame shit! I moved to fuckin' Hollywood chasing this shit. My mother died because of this shit. Fuck MTV

It ain't no love. What the fuck was Pink performing? Don't nobody know that song. Pink performed twice! Two songs? How the fuck Pink perform twice and I didn't even get asked to perform "Heartless." "Heartless" is the biggest song of the year! It had the most spins of the first quarter! I don't know that Pink song! But I noticed that she's pink! They put me in a fuckin' room and projected it

[Male voice]
How the fuck did Eminem get the Best Hip-Hop song in 2008?

[Kanye West]
Eminem won Best Video! Rap Video! Yo, when he won that shit, I was so happy. I was so happy I ran all this shit. I said, "Nigga, I'm gon' do this until y'all put a bullet in my head. I'm runnin' up to y'all, put a..." [tape cuts]



I got off the phone with this one dude. I guess he used to run a multi-billion dollar company or something like that and he had some advice for me, right. He said, 'I don't approve of your methods in your interviews lately.' He said he only saw one person before who ever really pulled this off and that was Muhammad Ali. But he said if he could just give me some advice, he doesn't approve of the way I'm going about things as of late. And when anybody that's supposed to have a lot of money talks to me and they give me advice, I call that free advice, because they're trying to tell me what to do and they ain't cut no check yet. If I look to the side of me, or the other side of me, or if I look to the Internet or if I'm reading, and I don't see somebody that 36-years-old that made it this far with nobody that told they couldn't do it this much. Because the people that give me advice... I don't see them rocking for 15,000 motherfuckers in Brooklyn tonight. And I don't know if y'all have heard of [Nikola] Tesla, and I'm not talking about the car, I'm talking about the inventor. Or if y'all ever heard about [Alejandro] Jodorowsky, the director who made Holy Mountain. But there's so many amazing creative inventors who weren't recognized in their time. And if I've got the voice and I've got the opportunity to turn up in these interviews, I just have to look and say, 'What do I have to lose?' What do I have to lose? We only have everything to gain. So don't ever let them make you think for one moment that I'm going insane. Because I sit back and see shit and think 'Am I the only one that's not crazy?' But every celebrity is so goddamn scared of losing everything, that they won't ever say nothing to you. And y'all see that shit too. I gotta keep it so true for you... Because when I say 'creative genius,' I'm not saying that as a compliment to myself. I'm saying that because it's a burden to myself when these ideas keep me up at night. When you wanna give the world more and your ideas keep you up at night. When you wanna give the world so much more, so much more. And then nobody that runs Disney comes and sees this tour. And nobody that runs Disney comes and sees this tour. They'd rather see the headline and be on some bullshit than to give me one little chance. Than to give me one little, little, little chance. Than to give me one little chance despite the advance out of Tesla's basement, despite the advance out of me saying Jodorowsky's name and ya'll don't know who the fuck he is when everybody copied off of him... And there's gonna be motherfuckers in this arena in a few months dancing all sloppy off of him...I love y'all so much you don't even understand. Because y'all help me to talk all this shit. Because when I be on the phone with these people that used to run companies and they're trying to tell me how to be me, y'all give me the power to talk my shit. And I swear to you, this is only the motherfucking beginning. And anybody who [says], 'Oh, he's the best of rap.' That's racist. And that's pigeonholing. That's pigeonholing. That's pigeonholing and putting motherfuckers in a box. And putting creative niggas in a box. If you believe you can do anything, please raise your hands up tonight. If you believe you can do anything, please put your hands in the sky. If you believe you can do anything, please put your hands so high. And I wish you could see my tears right now. Put your hands up high. I wish you could feel my pain right now. Cause these dreams keep me up at night. Cause these dreams keep me up at night. These dreams keep me up at night. Dreams keep me up at night



I told you. But if I would have voted, I would have voted on Trump. [audience boos]

Now, there’s people that I love that did vote that voted for Hillary and I don’t love them no less because they had their opinion. I love friends that I have that voted on Hillary. My manager, Scooter Braun, voted on Hillary. One of my management team. My other manager, Izzy, I’m gonna assume voted on Hillary. Everybody said that if you voted on Trump you have to go back to like Montauk or shit. And guess what? That entire team still put together this show tonight with people with differences of opinion, still put this show together tonight and still came together and made this show for y’all. They told me, “Ye, do not say that out loud. Whatever you do, do not say that out loud.” And I just said it! I wanted to say that before the election and they told me, “Do not say that out loud. Whatever you do, do not say that.” That don’t mean that I don’t think that Black Lives Matter. That don’t mean I don’t think that I’m a believer in women’s rights. That don’t mean I don’t believe in gay marriage. That don’t mean that I don’t believe in these things because that was the guy I would have voted for.

Run the next song.

Believe that there are people here enjoying, or before I start talking at least, enjoying a Kanye West show. By a show of screams do you believe that there are people at a Kanye West show who voted for Trump? [audience screams] Oh, it sound differently from before, huh? It sounds different. Why did we boo the first time on something that wasn’t, “Hey, do you like Trump?” That wasn’t what I asked. I asked you to give me your facts because the internet was giving you their facts based on what you wanted to hear and a lot of you guys got blindsided.

How that make you think, though? The fact that I just asked that undeniable question? That in most music situations you have the Democrats always since the beginning of time. The Democrats were considered to be more liberal. The Democrats were supposed to be more futuristic in their approach. The Democrats were supposed to have more empathy and be more about the people and that relates directly to music and it also relates to celebrity and the idea of what music does for you. Democrat is like music to your ears or something. Bye. Your voices. Do you believe–what percentage of people here–and by the way, I’m not setting y’all up, I’m not setting y’all up I’ve got no time for bullshit–what I’m saying is, what percentage of people here do you think voted for Trump? Do you think it was two people here? Do you think maybe it was 100 people? Do you think maybe it was 1,000 people out of the 15,000 people here? No, I’m asking you, what do you really believe? One person. Two people. What do you really believe? What do you really believe? What do you really believe? What do you really believe? What do you really believe? What do you really believe?

I haven’t talked about anybody’s stances on anything. I haven’t talked about any quote that anybody gave from either side. That’s not what I’m talking ’bout. That’s not what I’m asking you. What I’m asking you is what you really believe. I put something that I would bet on. I bet that it might be 20 percent or maybe even 30 percent of this very audience right here that might have voted for Trump. I bet you 15 percent, 50 percent of them, would never say that at a Kanye West show because of the climate right now. And they don’t know they might think I’m like, “Oh, they voted for Trump... y’all should go ahead and….” It’s the opposite of that. People got the right to vote for whoever they want to vote for. That’s the right to vote! That is our right! I did not vote. Aww, no. The Saint Pablo ticket sales are going down now. Aww no, t-shirts. “Aww nah, you just got out of jail Ye. You had to deal with the Taylor Swift shit for seven years now you gonna go say some... naw, Ye don’t say shit. Just step out.” Fuck that, bro. That’s the reality.

Well, Ye, how you gonna expect people to vote for you if you ain’t even vote? I’m concerned not about the idea of being president or the actual job of it. I’m concerned about putting our concept of how to do the job in a new way. And if no one will do it in that way I will take position in 2020 and do it myself. “Aw you ain’t gonna get it now because of what you just said.” It was proof that it didn’t matter what nobody just said! It doesn’t matter!

It might have been a reporter who wanted to use this as an opportunity to say, “Oh, this rapper” because when they call me a rapper they try to say that I’m less than thinking, less than a philosopher. But rappers are the philosophers of our now. The rappers all form a sense of our now. The celebrities are the influencers of our now. Just look at the president. He wasn’t even in politics and he won! That shows you not if you mad about him winning, but that shows you the level of possibility that is out there if you go and find information and don’t believe everything the fucking internet is telling you! There is possibilities! There’s possibilities inside of books. There’s possibilities when you call grandmother. Motherfuckers be on the internet way more than they calling they mother or they grandmother. To get information that would have you wrong as fuck like everybody knows a couple days ago! Do you ever want to be blindsided like that?

Don’t trivialize what I was saying when I talked about our president’s approach to the campaign when I said it was entertaining. I don’t think his approach was just entertaining, because that trivializes it, I actually think that his approach was absolutely genius because it fucking worked! Next song.

Oh shit, you threw something at me. Does anyone else wanna throw something at me? But, you know what, I got the power to get that guy kicked out, or whatever, roughed up. No. Stay here. What do you believe? That’s your opinion. Express your opinion, bro. Express your opinion. Thank you. That’s a woman right there saying, “I love you,” after I just said that there was things that I liked about Trump’s campaign. That’s not supposed to happen, right? No! That’s not supposed to happen, right? Case in point. Aw, no. Well, no. I guess we’re not gonna sell out the rest of the tour now. There’s methods, nonpolitical methods to speaking that I like that I feel were very futuristic and that style and that method of communication has proven that it can be a politically correct way of communication. And I fuck with that. You threw something at me! Naw, he wanted me to sign his Yeezy.

I don’t say 2020 out of disrespect to our president at all. I’m not saying that, “Aw man, that just mean that anybody can win.” That’s not what I’m saying when I say 2020. I’ll just say I got some ideas about the way that we should connect our ideas. And we should use opposite parties that the Republicans, that the Democrats, that everyone that ran that had an idea that people agreed with should be the collective ideas that are used to run the country. And that should mean more. So there's things that Benjamin Carson believes in... that I believe in. I believe that Benjamin Carson should still be a consultant. I think that Hillary Clinton should still be a consultant. I think that Bill Clinton should still be a consultant. Obama said... I think Obama should still be a consultant. It’s that, “Oh, I don’t fuck with your principles so now I’m not gonna give you no information that could help you help all of us.” Make sure this dude that got the Yeezy get his Yeezy back, specifically. Hey, security, get it back.

Man, and you know what also? I’m not saying this to diss celebrity and that all who are particularly on the Democratic side, that’s cool, I just like... I hate the fact that because I’m a celebrity everybody told me not to say that I loved the debates. I loved his approach. It’d be like white people that’s racist running around saying “niggas” now. If people are racist and they feel more inspired to say how they feel then they exposing themselves, bro. This is what I’m saying. It’s already the beginning of change. Sometimes things that you might think are bad have to happen in order for change to fucking happen. Sometimes you might have to not get your way to really understand what to do in the future to be able to get your way.



[Hook: John Legend]
We can't even sit and talk, without you arguing
You're the one who started it

[Verse 1]
I got a girl at home but she don't cook
I have my condoms in the stove cause she won't look
And she never ever go to the grocery store
So I figure its safe to pull a grocery ho
She was buyin Alize out the liquor isle
She said "I hope its not too ghetto"
Rocked all gold force back in style
I kept her number on file for my girl be actin wild
Like last week I told her take me to the mall
But she don't drive
My other girl picked me up at 3:05
She got a brand new car, 16
Now the car only 1 years old, oh
Man but the body look grown, whoa
Before I catch a case I better take my ass home
Where the problems is, arguments be Daly like Carson is
But the problem is..

[Hook]
We can't even sit and talk no more, without you arguing
Girl you must be out of your mind, no no no
You're the one who started it

[Verse 2]
Hold up, wait a second man
That's that thrift store info, that's all second hand
Why don't you talk to the mouth of the horses 'bout my Porsches
Condos in front of the golf courses
Instead you stay up, countin every second like a fake Roley
I'm real, so you know I move real slowly
The way the censorship'll go off, you know me
I ain't call you, you wanna know why?
Im in Noha, Hon aloha, pushin jet skis so I
Couldn't return the pages on my Motorola
Nextel, my cell, it don't work down there
What happened in Cancun? Stays down there
What's happenin here? Made me wish I stayed down there
Take a seat, why you always makin a beef?
You know these walls too thin in this apart-a-ment
Now everybody hearin our arguments
But the problem is..

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Man, boo you know what I do
So don't trip when I come home after 2 or 3 or 4
I ain't messin with them girls no more
It's weak, the benz coupe is so sweet
When I roll down the street, tears roll down her cheek
She said, "You must love that car more than me
And nigga I was with you before the cheese
So you need to work on your pri-or-ities
If she went with Fabolous I bet that she would be
A-R-G-U-I-N-G and please
I'm not actin like this cause I'm getting spins on
W-K-R-P in Cincinnati
You think I'd get my voice so deep like
W-K-R-P in Cincinnati
That's how much of a fuck I give
You seen cribs? That's how the fuck I live
As far as this?

[Hook]



[Chorus 1: Chantal Kreviazuk]
How I'm feeling, it doesn't matter
'Cause you know I'm okay
Instead, I ask myself, "Why do you worry?"
When you know, you know I'm the same
I know, I know you don't love me, baby
They’re trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body

[Verse 1]
I think I killed e'rybody
In the game last year, man, fuck it, I was on though
And I thought I found the girl of my dreams
At a strip club, mmm-mmm, fuck it, I was wrong though
Shout out to all my niggas living tax free
Nowadays it's six figures when they tax me
Oh well, I guess you lose some and win some
Long as the outcome is income
You know I want it all and then some
Shout out to Asian girls, let the lights dim some
Shots came, I don't know where they was sent from
Probably some bad hoes I'm 'bout to take the hint from
Yeah, you know me well, nigga
I mean you ain't the only real nigga
They got me on these white women like Seal, nigga
Slave to the pussy but I'm just playing the field, nigga
Are these people really discussing my career again?
Asking if I'll be going platinum in a year again?
Don't I got the shit the world wanna hear again?
Don't Michael Jordan still got his hoop earring in?
Man all of your flows bore me: paint drying
And I don't ever be trippin off of what ain't mine
And I be hearing the shit you say through the grapevine
But jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
Yeah, it's been that way from the beginning
I just been playing, I ain't even notice I was winning

[Refrain]
And this is the only sound you should fear
Man, these kids wear crowns over here and everything is all right

[Chorus 2: Chantal Kreviazuk]
Oh, I know, I know you don't love me, baby
They’re trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body

[Verse 2]
You say I'm old news, well who the new star?
Cause if I'm going anywhere, it's probably too far
Just performed at a Bar Mitzvah over in the States
Used half of the money to beat my brother's case
Red wine over Fed time
And shout out to the niggas that's doing dead time
Shout out to the bitches there when it's bedtime
And fuck you to the niggas that think it's their time
Yeah, don't make me take your life apart, boy
You and whoever the fuck gave you your start boy
Oh, you wanna be a motherfucking funny guy?
Don't make me break your Kevin Hart, boy
Yeah, it's whatever
You know, feeling good, living better
I think maybe I was numb to it last year
But you know I feel it now more than ever
My city love me like Mac Dre in the Bay
Second album, I'm back paving the way
The backpackers are back on the bandwagon
Like this was my comeback season back, back in the day
And I met your baby moms last night
We took a picture together, I hope she frames it!
And I was drinking at the Palms last night
And ended up losing everything that I came with
Feel like I've been here before, huh?
I still got ten years to go, huh?

[Refrain]
And this is the only sound you should fear
Man, these kids wear crowns over here and everything is all right

[Chorus 2: Chantal Kreviazuk]
Oh, I know, I know you don't love me, baby
They’re trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body

[Outro]
Three in the morning, still going down

[Produced by Chantal Kreviazuk and Noah "40" Shebib]



Ayo
Planes, trains, automobiles
The G500s with the auto-roll wheels
Pinot Grigio, got 'em on chill
See now, see me ho? I got that deal
If you tryna build, I bet you'd like to know that
My father was a Black Panther with Geronimo Pratt
And back in college, I ain't run with no frat
I just ran with the track that put the Chi on the map
Now the Roc in the buildin', UIC Pavilion
Two years ago I was just a civilian
Now every chick in here swear I got millions
In area codes with unidentified children

Hold up, I'm fuckin' up the rap

Every chick in here swear I got millions
In area codes with unidentified children
Put my hoodie on, blend in like a chameleon
Hear barbershop talk, niggas try to kill him
Take my hoodie off, they like "Ye waddup, you chillin'!"
Swear to god they just like children
Just like high school, back at my school
Just like Halloween minus the costumes
The niggas that's flickin' was the ones that's trickin'
The girls two seatin' was the ones that's treatin'
Do a test on relationship, everybody cheatin'
I used to want the Jordans that's most recent
Now I throw Jordans on the whip just to look decent
Just to get pulled over by the precinct, so frequent
It's like I'm back bein' a delinquent
They wanna know where I live, stay, and work
Why a young black nigga get all these perks
How I stack my paper, got Adidas in every flavor
Excuse me officer, I don't know Rod Laver
Or Stan Smith, what they don't understand is
How I got that color in canvas



I’ll take one question. I wanted to vibe off an idea, and then I can riff off of that…they said I’ve got 20 minutes or so, I might go longer

OK, everyone please be completely quiet, because I can literally hear a whisper, and it’ll throw off my stream of consciousness, and when I get my stream of consciousness going that’s when I give the best, illest quotes. Literally, a whisper can throw it off

Today was the first time I realised, If I could have done it again I would have gone to the Art Institute over the American Academy of Art, I would have researched where I could have got the best and the strongest education

And I’m sure this will end up online, so I don’t want to diss anyone at the American Academy, I’m sure it’s equal to the Art Institute of Chicago by now, but at the time I was going I would look around at the work of the class and not feel inspired by the teachers, and I kinda, the idea of being a fine artist, that’s a really difficult profession to get into, to be respected in, to make money at.  Maybe the goal for some of the people was just to work at an advertising agency or at a record label

My goal, if I was going to do art, fine art, would have been to become Picasso or greater

That always sounds so funny to people, comparing yourself to someone in the past that has done so much, and in your life you’re not even allowed to think that you can do as much. That’s a mentality that suppresses humanity

Some of you here probably remember the night when the Donda tweets came through me and I started talking about professions that you guys are going into, that seemed they had nothing to do with a rapper. I was talking about a band of thinkers that could remove religion, race, gender, and somehow come together to find solutions for a broken planet

We have the resources as a civilization to find a utopia, but we’re led by the most greedy and the least noble

What I notice about creatives is that, and one of the reasons why I get into trouble, is, not only do I want to design video games, or make music, or ride bikes, I think one of the most important things to my ability to create so much in the past 30 years is my desire to play sports. I approach creativity like a sport, where if I have a drawing I react just like a jock: LOOK AT THE FUCKING DRAWING RIGHT THERE YEAH!

We’re all creatives here, we’re all born artists. Some people are artists of business, some people are artists of composition

We were taught to hide our black fingernail polish and put our head down in the back of the class and not notice out of fear that someone might laugh at one of our ideas – that our idea could become a mockery or a failure in some way

There’s a Bible saying, ‘No weapon formed against me shall prosper’. Recently I’ve been doing interviews and I’ve had to go back to this verse because I don’t think there’s a living celebrity with more weapons formed against them, but I also don’t think there’s one more prosperous. So what weapons have prospered? The smoke and mirrors of other opinions

I was sitting with Steve McQueen, he shot the visuals for All Day two days ago, it’s completely different to the Brit awards

So it doesn’t get taken out of context, I’m going to use the word ‘like’. I’m not saying it is, I’m using it as a comparison. So people that want to say ‘Kanye goes to Oxford and tells everyone blah blah blah’. And I’m not telling you this. I’m telling you what I told Steve McQueen in private

What I said was The Matrix is like the Bible of the post-information age

I compared it like, when the hundred guys come at Neo, those are opinions, that’s perception, that’s tradition. Attacking people from every which angle possible. If you have a focus wide and master senses like Laurence Fishburne and you have a squad behind you, you literally can put the world in slow motion

It’s still February, right? (security guard shakes his head, everyone laughs)

By the way, I don’t know the days of the week. I just go to exactly when my appointment is

We’d just look at each other and say, it’s still February. For the sheer mount of work that we were able to put into the world. Some of the stuff had been worked on for years coming, months coming. But nonetheless they came back to back to back to back. Answering every crazy interview question, blocking every shot, catching every rebound. Aside from the right I don’t have to give my opinion publicly about artists, I probably would have been batting 2000. I know that’s incorrect also

This humanity that I talk about, this civilization that I talk about, this future utopia I talk about…it can only happen through collaboration

I love Steve Jobs, he’s my favorite person, but there’s one thing that disappoints me. When Steve passed he didn’t give the ideas up. That’s kinda selfish. You know that Elon’s like ‘yeah, take these ideas’. Maybe there are companies outside of Apple that could work on them and push humanity forward. Maybe the stock brokers won’t like that, the stock holders wouldn’t like that idea, but ideas are free and you can’t be selfish with them

I think that progression of mind with the advent of a human being named Drake (laughs, smirks, crowd laughs) you know, this idea of holding onto a number 1 spot. And then you get this guy that comes and blows out the water every number 1 of any band ever. Be it me, or Paul McCartney [laughs]

I understand that I’m a servant. And with my voice, with my ability to build relationships with amazing people, speak to amazing people. Call Elon Musk out of the blue, or call Obama out of the blue…he calls the home phone, by the way

With that, I have a responsibility to serve. Why do I say the Matrix is like the Bible? What is my definition of the Matrix? [he never answered this]

I work with an artist called Vanessa Beecroft, and she bought my daughter some toys

I’d see toys that some people would buy for my daughter and I’d say this toy isn’t quality. I don’t want my daughter playing with this. There’s not enough love put into this, this is just manufactured with the will to sell, and not the will of inspiration

Vanessa is very focused, she’s like my eyes, she’s a piece of my brain. She bought my daughter these three wolves, knowing the whole collection, that it’d play with the song Wolves, and based on this concept. And when my daughter saw these wolves, I’ve never seen her so happy. She was going so crazy, she was grabbing one, she was riding on top of one…I’ve never seen her happier than this moment. That level of happiness seems to be the thing that we’re fighting for every day, that we’re trying to buy back, trying to work for, especially in America

In America people really do wear $3000 shirts. For real. Here and in Stockholm people will be like ‘oh dude, it’s a $3000 shirt’

I’m assuming I’m probably wearing a $2000 shirt but I got it for free from the designer so

We’ve been sold a concept of joy through advertising, through car advertising, through fashion branding. It’s not the concept of time, time with your family, time with your friends, the little time that we do have on earth and what we do with that. It was somehow sold to us through a Gucci bag or something

Time is the only luxury. It’s the only thing you can’t get back. If you lose your luggage – I’m not gonna say the obvious brand of luggage that I’d normally say because I’ve got a meeting with them soon – if you lose your expensive luggage at the airport, you can get that back. You can’t get the time back

It feels like people do everything in life to get this BMW, this Benz, to get this townhome, to get 2.5 kids exactly. One of them has to be small, y’know!

And you’re looking for this moment where you sit in your BMW after all the work you’ve done and all the accolades you get, and you somehow think you’re gonna get that level of joy that my daughter had when she received those wolves. And when you’re sitting in traffic in your BMW, it’s something that feels empty. To everyone who reaches that point. This concept of the selfish human, this idea of separation by race, or gender, or religion, or age, or my favourite thing to hate, class

People say it takes a village to raise a child. People ask me how my daughter is doing. She’s only doing good if your daughter’s doing good. We’re all one family

We have the ability to approach our race like ants, or we have the ability to approach our race like crabs

This is a generation that is far less racist – yes, small remnants remain of even thinking of calling something of a racial slur

White people that listen to rap say ‘nigger’…in the privacy of their own home

That idea [racism], has passed. We’ve had The Cosby Show, Obama’s president, Beyonce’s great…that’s passed. But there’s still something you’re taught every day, especially in the UK, and that’s division by class. Our main focus, in my opinion…Imagine a world with no war, and imagine if everyone’s main focus, more so than going out to a club, their main focus was to help someone else

I was joking with an interviewer earlier today…people talk about the number of viewers the Brits get, or the number of viewers the Grammys get. They need to do award shows for the Nobel Peace Prize, but I guess that doesn’t sell as many MasterCard commercials. Oh, I mentioned a brand! [looks disappointed]…I had two things…I was trying to get a flawless victory on my speech! No offence to MasterCard…but that was a big fucking logo in the middle!

You guys have been taught, without you knowing, ways to separate yourselves from each other. If you’re separated, you can be easily controlled. If you’re too busy pointing fingers at each other, rather than holding hands, you can’t get anything done

You know, Chris Rock called my album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy…well, Chris Rock and everyone else at every single media publication called My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy the best album of the last 25 years. This only came through collaboration

One of the most memorable things about MBDTF was Nicki Minaj, and the fact that she kicked my ass, on my own song, on one of the best albums…the best album – I’m just saying what the critics said – of the last 25 years. The best album of the past 25 years that I spent a year and a half making, out there. I was exiled from my country, it was a personal exile, but exile. To come back and deliver my magnum opus of a work, and to be outshined…to be beat by a girl, basically

This was necessary. I think it was one of the most important points of working on that album, was to not stop her from her moment because of how good she is. Just think of a comparison, if you think about why did it take so long for the new Yeezys to come out? Why did I have to leave one group and go to another group? Why did that group not want to speak to me? I think the Yeezys I was doing over there were comparable to that Nicki Minaj verse. Because these guys were like ‘we’re worrying about this shoe, we’re gonna put it on this celebrity’. And the head’s son would come and say ‘my favourite shoe is the Yeezy’. And it’s like ‘ahhh, I can’t hear about these YEEZYS anymore!’. Like everyone talking about Nicki’s verse, ‘I can’t hear about this verse anymore!’. It was gonna work for her anyway, but let’s just say that in some way in helped give her exposure. She was able to go on and become a successful, and fly, and run, and dream, and provide. And it was not locked because of my career

One of my biggest Achilles heels has been my ego. And if I, Kanye West, the very person, can remove my ego, I think there’s hope for everyone

When I talk about collaboration and the creative process, the best idea wins

I’m proud of the consistency of the performances I’ve done since I’ve been out here. And it comes from four would-be egomaniacs coming out and being forced to work together. The best lighting guy on the planet, the best staging guy, the best video guy, another staging guy, a guy with a laptop for no reason…To be able to deliver, back to back to back, extremely successful, inspiring, groundbreaking, visual, visceral, creative moments that otherwise would have been challenged. And the kid from Chicago screaming from the top of the stage for 40 minutes in a row. I’ve had to pull that card out a few times. Not particularly screaming, but remember, I will scream

My momma taught me that if I was in a grocery store and I’m by myself and a stranger grabbed my hand, scream at the top of your fucking lungs. If I’m at an awards show and a stranger grabs my hand and they say so we’re going to use these moving lights, or we’re gonna play the music right now before we define the look, or we’re gonna cut the TV cameras in a traditional way. I’ll scream at the top of my fucking lungs

People say I have a bad reputation. I think I’ve got the best reputation in the building. They want you to have a reputation of tucking your black nail polish into your pockets and sitting in the corner of the class, and not fighting for your ideas out of fear of being ridiculed

That’s one of my favourite ones…to be called crazy

I remember when I was young and saw my dad working on computers. And the guy he was working with ended up being a bad guy. And the guys that helped him, that he had the voice to find, didn’t have the same motivation, a high enough skill set to match up to his vision, to his dream, for it to be considered to be a success. But the success is that his successor will be successful in his lifetime. You could say "But you are successful?" i’m successful in learning about the beauty that is afforded to rich people. But in learning that, being brought up, middle class, it’s something that is beating out of my chest. ‘Wait a second, I was middle class, and I didn’t get to see none of this shit!’

Let’s have an NBC telethon moment, and say that beauty has been stolen from the people and is being sold back to them under the concept of luxury!

It’s illegal to not wear clothes, and also possibly too cold. That means someone is imposing an idea on you that should legally have to do! Clothing should be like food. There should never be a $5000 sweater. You know what should cost $5000? A car should be $5000. And you know who should work on the car? The people that work on the $500,000 cars. All the best talent in the world needs to work for the people. And I am so fucking serious about this concept that I will stand in front of anyone and fight for it. Because I was 14 and middle class. I know what it felt like to not get what I have

People say to me ‘you’re successful, what are you crying about?’. I’m crying about the people. I’m crying about their daughters. Our daughters, as one family. What good is it? What good is anything that everyone can’t have? Every ism. They think we’re done with racism. What about elitism, what about separatism, what about classism? That’s all



[Intro]
Broke dick, I'm looking for a drug lord

[Verse 1: Hodgy Beats]
Okay, welcome to my 12 bar (One, um..)
The beat, wears it like a kevlar
As I smoke my tree, medlar, South African
Coughing 'til there's pains in my fucking abdomen
I spit negative just like a halogen
My breeze more of a fucking masculine
The rascals win, killing 'em off with a javelin
Snakes, I'm just rattling, suit tailor never tattling
You niggas a bunch of squares, Madison
As far as real niggas, bitch nigga my battle's sick
On top of being talented, bitch I'm fucking passionate
I'm a golden curse, call me treacherous, treasure chest
Better yet, I'll build on to the beat like tetris
Remember me forgetfulness? I am your correctionist
I stitched Odd and Future together like a leather vest
You fucking sweater neck, feather peck, Rosetta checks
I put together decks and push for beef, if hefferless
I'm headed out to Sydney Australia with Tim Donnelly
He gets caught up at security, the TSA don't follow me
Tea parties are the shit, forty mags by the scones
I'm fighting for gun rights to shoot a nigga in his dome
Click your fucking heels, there's no place like home
Cock back and blast off written on the tombstone, ain't that a bitch

[Interlude]
That wasn't a 12 bar (Tyler, what's up, nigga?)
I can't count (What's wrong?)
(Tyler what's wrong man?)

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Let's see, what's wrong with me?
Might be my fucking Tourette's, see?
I need a vacation cause all this shit got me stressing
So after the showers with Sandusky
Me and Sean Kingston went and rented a couple jet skis
Lionel rolled the blunts up, so meanwhile
Me and Lucas getting fucked up
You can smell us coming like a faggot when he hicks up
Listening to Common's last album to get pumped up
To finally ask *censored* when I can get my dick sucked
You know Casey Anthony, was handling
Dropping her kids off so she could come out and dance with me
Wine in the pantry, wrestling on my trampoline
Learned some new chords while you uncreatives were sampling
I'm Wolf, I spit flow retardedly
As retarded as the sound of deaf people arguing
You hold the future of the kid you daughter's gargling
Me, I have the Odd Future mothafuckin' sergeanting
(Tyler, calm the fuck down) No, I'm the fuck now
My poppa didn't give one, that's why I'm like this now
I'm still down to cut throat and if another fan asks
For a fucking photo while I'm snacking on my pizza lunchable
I'm 'a fucking snap like Berman when he acts right
Then have a mental breakdown and proceed to use a crack pipe (don't do that!)
OF will be done for, niggas will be dumb poor
Don't believe me, ok be right back, I'm headed to the gun store
M-16's and them 6 teens came out of nowhere
Like your kid's wet dream, what you mean old news
Oh you really need us to fucking show you
That we're harder than findin a fuckin Snicker bar in Whole Foods
In a black hoodie, nose bruised and a gold tooth
Hoping the fuckin' security guard doesn't hold you in custody
But luckily had a couple of guns with me
Like gay step mom, none of you mothafuckas can fuck with me

[Outro]
Vete a la casa de tu mama
No mas andan aqui con sus babosadas
Que Odd Future ni que Odd Future
Yo no se que es eso, idiotas
Que chingados es Odd Future
Golf Wang, Golf Tyler? A mi me vale madre
Ja.. y mira esa ropa
Parecen una bola de payasos mugrosos!
Por favor!



[Chorus]
Your momma ain't shit, your daddy ain't shit
And then you realize that life is a bitch
With a dirty white tee and some dirty ass kicks
And you got no money, so you can't feed the jit
Your momma ain't shit, your daddy ain't shit
And then you realize that life is a bitch
Got no education, so you got to be the chick
That strip for a living cause you gotta pay the rent

[Verse 1]
Pity, pity, pity, first you showing off them titties
Letting niggas lick the clittie to a flower or some witty comment
Witty, now you shitty with those saggy tig ol' bitties
And a flabby old ass, trying to look like Ms. Nicky
Picky, cause I say you look like Ms. Piggy
It's a damn shame that we the same pigment
First you act like Bobby, now you look like Whitney
If a nigga know the chorus then please say it with me

[Chorus]
Your momma ain't shit, your daddy ain't shit
And then you realize that life is a bitch
With a dirty white tee and some dirty ass kicks
And you got no money, so you can't feed the jit
Your momma ain't shit, your daddy ain't shit
And then you realize that life is a bitch
Got no education, so you got to be the chick
That strip for a living cause you gotta pay the rent

[Verse 2]
Nigga, nigga, nigga, let a nigga level with ya
How the hell you gon' be broke and always be the bigger spender?
Stories sweeter than the splenda that was thrown inside the blender
So you wanna get crunk while you mix it with the liquor
Nigga, people like you, I don't get ya
Claimin' you a baller but your momma living with ya
Better look inside the picture, cause you ain't getting richer
Now it's hard to see his son cause the momma took him with her

[Chorus]
Your momma ain't shit, your daddy ain't shit
And then you realize that life is a bitch
With a dirty white tee and some dirty ass kicks
And you got no money, so you can't feed the jit
Your momma ain't shit, your daddy ain't shit
And then you realize that life is a bitch
Got no education, so you got to be the chick
That strip for a living cause you gotta pay the rent

[Verse 3]
Let 'em do whatever, it's whatever
They endeavor, from the streets to the clubs, to the guns
To the cheddar 'til you get a phone call, e-mail
Or a letter that your jit locked up or he dead on the stretcher
Better parenting is the main pressure
Your daughter got kids but wasn't taught about pleasure
Your kids are the treasure, the love you couldn't measure
Will end up in the hole if you don't get it together



[Intro: Beyoncé]
Who wants that perfect love story anyway, anyway?
Cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché
Who wants that hero love that saves the day, anyway?
Cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché
What about the bad guy goes good, yeah?
An innocent love I'm misunderstood, yeah?
Black hour glass, our glass
Toast to clichés in a dark past
Toast to clichés in a dark past

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Boy meets girl, girl perfect woman
Girl get to bustin' before the cops come running
Chuck the deuces, chugging D'USSÉ, ugh
Fuck what you say, boys in blue say

[Beyoncé]
I don't care if we on the run
Baby as long I'm next to you
(Uhuu)
And if loving you is a crime
Tell me why do I bring out the best in you
Why

[Bridge: Beyoncé]
I hear sirens while we make love
Loud as hell, but they don't know
They're nowhere near us
I will hold your heart and your gun
I don't care if they come, noooo
I know it's crazy but

[Hook: Beyoncé]
They can take me
Now that I found the places that you
Take me
Without you I got nothing to lose

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I'm an outlaw, got an outlaw chick
Bumping 2Pac, on my outlaw shit
Matching tats, this Ink don't come off
Even if rings come off, if things ring off
My nails get dirty, my past ain't pretty
My lady is, my Mercedes is
My baby momma harder than a lot of you niggas
Keep it 100, hit the lottery niggas
You ain't about that life ain't gotta lie to me, nigga
You know it's till the death, I hope it's obvi to niggas
Ugh
Cross the line, speak about mine
I'ma wave this TEC, I'm a geek about mine
Touch a nigga where his rib at, I click clack
Push your mothafuckin' wig back, I did that
I been wilding since a juvi, she was a good girl
'til she knew me, now she is in the drop bustin' Uey's, screaming

[Hook: Beyoncé]
They can take me
Now that I found the places that you
Take me
Without you I got nothing to lose

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Deeper than words, beyond right
Die for your love, beyond life
Sweet as a Jesus piece, beyond ice
Blind me baby with your neon lights
Ray Bans on, police in sight
Oh, what a beautiful death, let's both wear white
If you go to heaven and they bring me to hell
Just sneak out and meet me, bring a box of L's
She fell in love with the bad guy, the bad guy
What you doing with them rap guys, them rap guys
They ain't see potential in me girl, but you see it
If it's me and you against the world, then so be it

[Beyoncé]
I don't care if they give me life
I get all of my life from you
(Uhuu)
And if loving you had a price
I would pay my life for you

[Bridge: Beyoncé]
I hear sirens while we make love
Loud as hell, but they don't know
They're nowhere near us
I will hold your heart and your gun
I don't care if they come, noooo
I know it's crazy but

[Outro: Beyoncé]
I don't care I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
No I swear I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
I don't care I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
No I swear I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
(Without you I got nothing to lose)



[Verse 1]
I was a terror since the public school era
Bathroom passes, cutting classes, squeezing asses
Smoking blunts was a daily routine
Since 13, a chubby nigga on the scene
I used to have the trey-deuce
And the deuce-deuce in my bubblegoose
Now I got the Mac in my knapsack
Lounging black, smoking sacks up in Ac's and Sidekicks
With my sidekicks rocking fly kicks
Honeys want to chat
But all we wanna know is where the party at
And can I bring my gat?
If not, I hope I don't get shot
Better throw my vest on my chest, 'cause niggas is a mess
It don't take nothing but fronting for me to start something
Bugging and bucking at niggas like I was duck hunting
Dumbing out, just me and my crew
'Cause all we wanna do is

[Hook]
Party and bullshit
And party and bullshit

[Verse 2]
Hugs from the honeys, pounds from the roughnecks
Seen my man Sage that I knew from the projects
Said he had beef, asked me if I had my piece
Sure do, two .22s in my shoes
Holler if you need me, love, I'm in the house
Roam and stroll, see what the honeys is about
Moet popping, ho hopping
Ain't no stopping Big Poppa
I'm a Bad Boy
Niggas wanna front, who got your back? (Biggie!)
Niggas wanna flex, who got the gat? (Biggie!)
It ain't hard to tell I'm the East Coast overdose
Nigga you scared you're supposed to
Nigga, I toast ya, put fear in your heart
Fuck up the party before it even start
Pissy drunk, off the Henny and skunk
On some Brand Nubian shit beating down punks

[Hook]
Party and bullshit
And party and bullshit

[Verse 3]
Bitches in the back looking righteous
In a tight dress, I think I might just
Hit her with a little Biggie 101, how to tote a gun
And have fun with Jamaican rum
Conversation, blunts in rotation
My man Big Jock got the Glock in his waist and
We're smoking, drinking, got the hooker thinking
If money smell bad, then this nigga Biggie stinking
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eating out my palm
She grabbed my arm and said "Let's leave calm"
I'm hitting skins again
Rolled up another blunt, bought a Heineken
Niggas start to loc out, a kid got choked out
Blows was thrown and a fucking fight broke out

(Music stops
Indecipherable sounds of people yelling and arguing
Biggie breaks it up yelling "Yo, chill, man, chill!")

Can't we just all get along?
So I can put hickies on her chest like Little Shawn
Get her pissy drunk off of Dom Pérignon
And it's on, and I'm gone
That's that...

[Hook]
Party and bullshit, and party ...

[Puffy]
Junior M.A.F.I.A. like to...
Uptown likes to...
Bad Boy likes to...
Brooklyn Crew likes to...
3rd Eye likes to...
Mo Bee likes to...
We like to...



[Intro] x3
Whatever? Party's over tell the rest of the crew
Yo P, it's on you, what you wanna do?

[Verse 1: Prodigy]
Every day of my life since 11-2-74
On the street makin non-stop CREAM galore
Packin heat, stickin up weed stores and more
Collectin interest off of extortions to settle my score
It gets deeper when things get real
I'm down to stick a NatWest Bank for my meal
And I'm from Hempstead, it's close to the shacks of Park Side
While I'll be outside slingin, you always hide
And don't come around to the crossroads of life
We're to the death, you and me, this beef for eternity
I'm goin out to the fullest extent
So far into my troubles it's hard for me to get back
To my everyday self and composure
Catch you when you open then I bring you to a closure
Put ice on a razor and freeze ya in ya shoulder
I went for ya grill but you dent from my boulder
I know this kid who says he knows ya because of that
Now I know where ya lay ya hat at and that's that
Say no more, I put it on you while you was yawning
Murder without warning the very next morning

[Verse 2: Havoc]
Once we step thru the door, party over, that's the endin
You and your crew'll leave out, a bunch of dead men
Bump me and I'll bump you back
You ain't tough black, niggas like you just get their life jacked
But I'mma cool nigga til you push me to the limit
But try ta play me and ya ass I get up all in it
Don't try to cop pleas now son, it's dead and done
(I gave you fair warning) So run and get your guns
It's on, time to show em how I perform
My attitude will transform, leave you dead plus wrong
Gettin the flow within, representin for Queens
Shit is real, why you hopin that it's all a dream
But you can't wake up, wettin a chest you bless
Chokin off your own blood, don't blame me you brought your own death

[Chorus]
Aiyo Noyd, it's on you, what you wanna do?
Whatever? Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Yo Big Noyd it's on you, what you wanna do?
Whatever? Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Yo Big Noyd it's on you, what you wanna do?
Whatever? Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Yo Big Noyd it's on you, what you wanna do?
Whatever? Party's over, tell the rest of the crew

[Verse 3: Big Noyd]
My beeper kept beepin, the other numbers started leakin
'Who is this on my mind?' I was thinkin
Then I realised it was my dun playin 911
Once I seen the numbers I ran for the fuckin guns
My dun in trouble, I be there on the double
I jumped up in the bubble, yo kid where are you?
(1-14 between Manhattan and Morningside Avenue)
This happened just right out the blue
Aiyo dun, fuck that bitch, tell her get off your dick
(But she's cryin and she says she has feelins and shit)
Yo it's a set-up, them niggas got me fed up
Ty stay in the buildin, if they move fuckin buck em
Get up off the scene, you know what I mean?
And hold yourself down with the mother fuckin sixteen
Glock and get off they block
Then I hung up the cellular, ready to rock
And it's on

[Verse 4: Prodigy]
You get deaded in the streets, kid set it
You gots no credit, fool you get wetted
Up with the semi-auto Mac double numbered
'Did he shoot eleven or twelve?' is what he wondered
Nigga I got one more shot, you must be drinkin
Put the heater to his head, watch him start blinkin
'Am I goin to heaven or hell?' is what he's thinkin
Switch to a bitch as his life start sinkin
Down to a level of no return
Call it the heat cos when the slugs hit it definitely burns
Now chill and think about your life for real
Every member of my crew is livin life for real
Got your self fucked into somethin that you couldn't finish
Up against the fulliest squad and get diminished
I'm from Q-U-E another E-N-S
So why you small tough talk? I'm not impressed
If I seen you in the Bridge, I'd make you undress
Give up the money, the polo especially the Guess

[Chorus]
Big Noyd! Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Havoc! Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Black Ice! Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Queensbridge! Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
The Big Twins! Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Ty! Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Yo Black! It's over, tell the rest of the crew
My man Killer! Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Germ! It's over, tell the rest of the crew
Karate Joe! It's over, tell the rest of the crew
Ron Gotti! It's over, tell the rest of the crew
Ki Capone! Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Rasheim! Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Stobo! Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Tena! Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Skins! It's over, tell the rest of the crew
And the whole fuckin projects! It's over, tell the rest of the crew
It's over, tell the rest of the crew
It's over, tell the rest of the crew
Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Party's over, tell the rest of the crew
The motherfuckin party's over, tell the rest of the crew

[Outro]

Get that nappy up
Yo get that nappy up
Son get that nappy up
Queens get that nappy up
Yo get that nappy up
*talkin to fade*



[Intro: Moodymann]
Hold on, hold on, fuck that. Fuck that shit. Hold on, I got to start this mothafuckin' record over again, wait a minute. Fuck that shit. Still on this mothafuckin’ record. I'ma play this mothafucka for y'all. Ayy, y’all get some more drinks goin' on, I'll sound a whole lot better.

[Verse 1]
Listen
Seein' you got ritualistic
Cleansin' my soul of addiction for now
'Cause I'm fallin' apart, yeah
Tension
Between us just like picket fences
You got issues that I won’t mention for now
’Cause we're fallin’ apart

[Chorus]
Passionate from miles away
Passive with the things you say
Passin' up on my old ways
I can't blame you, no, no
Passionate from miles away
Passive with the things you say
Passin' up on my old ways
I can’t blame you, no, no

[Verse 2]
Listen
Harder buildin' trust from a distance
I think we should rule out commitment for now
'Cause we're fallin' apart
Leavin'
You're just doing that to get even
Don't pick up the pieces, just leave it for now
They keep fallin' apart

[Chorus]
Passionate from miles away
Passive with the things you say
Passin' up on my old ways
I can't blame you, no, no
Passionate from miles away
Passive with the things you say
Passin' up on my old ways
I can't blame you, no, no

[Outro: Zoë Kravitz]
Um, trying to think of the right thing to say



[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Ryan Beatty]
This is my confession tape
All the words I had to say, I send 'em back to you
This is my confession tape
All the words I had to say, I send 'em back to you
I send 'em back to you
I send 'em back to you

[Verse 1: Ryan Beatty & Kevin Abstract]
You wanna talk
The words rollin' out
I'll be right there
I'll save you from your bedroom
Move to Utah (I'll be there)
And I'll be okay (I'll be there)
The reason I thank you
I know heaven don't exist for fools

[Extended Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Ryan Beatty]
This is my confession tape
All the words I had to say, I send 'em back to you
This is my confession tape
All the words I had to say, I send 'em back to you
I send 'em back to you
I send 'em back to you
This is my confession tape
All the words I had to say, I send 'em back to you
This is my confession tape
All the words I had to say, I send 'em back to you
I send 'em back to you
I send 'em back to you



[Produced by Phoelix and Saba]

[Intro: Jean Deaux]
Got it, I got it, oh
Say what you're looking for, 'cause I got it, yeah, ay
I got it, I got it, oh
I got it, yeah

[Hook: Jean Deaux]
Oh yes I made it alive, Lake Shore Drive, headed to paradise
In this moment of mine, I can't recognize
Or see that the glare is right
And what you compromise, I almost die
I doubt the water is red as mine

[Verse 1: Saba]
Ay, how you lonely in a room with God?
Never slow up, not even a pit stop
Praying my niggas'll never get caught
Overcame it all, like I'm some big shot
Was taught to be a man, up to the wrist watch
To the collar shirt tucked, with the front pocket
Part of adolescence when they go blossom
When your stars align, I hope there's no comet
So far it's...
Oh yes, I made it alive, I'm on the West Side, still at my momma house
The kids on my conscience now, coz the youth dying and it's just more common now
Common ground, stuck through it all like we Carmelo
Comin' down, high offa life, arrive unannounced
Summonin', numbin' the pain of when I'm in doubt, high school
My head in the clouds, like I learned about

[Hook: Jean Deaux]
Oh yes I made it alive, Lake Shore Drive, headed to paradise
In this moment of mine, I can't recognize
Or see that the glare is bright
And what you compromise, I almost die
I doubt the water is red as mine

[Post-Hook: Jean Deaux & Saba]
What are you looking for?
I got it (I got it)
I got it (I got it)
All the thing's you adore
I got it (I got it)
I got it (I got it)

[Verse 2: Saba]
Runnin' through my city like a tour bus
Hopin' one day I can have a tour bus
I can see the planets from my window sill
And I tend to tell what is honest
I don't wanna fight no one, no contest
I just wanna undress my conscience
I just met a killer that's bent in his ways
Try to raise a family with minimum wage, what can I say?
Besides the demons, it's reality for the people that we love
And we are the ones that will team up and tee up the party
Dead end the school, but they'll show up tardy
The audience awfully ready and rowdy
I meant it if I said it, you get in writing
Got into a science, but write with the lightning
Like soil, I'm grounded, the seed has just sprouted

[Hook: Jean Deaux]
Oh yes I made it alive, Lake Shore Drive, headed to paradise
In this moment of mine, I can't recognise
Or see that the glare is bright
And what you compromise, I almost die
I doubt the water is red as mine

[Post-Hook: Jean Deaux & Saba]
What are you looking for?
I got it, I got it (show what you want)
I got it, I got it (show what you want)
All, the thing's you adore
I got it, I got it (show what you want)
I got it, I got it (show what you want)
Show what you want, show what you want
Show what you want, show what you want

[Outro: Billy Williams]
I just wanna be the plug so my people can eat
I just wanna play soccer on rooftops in Tokyo
I just wanna find somewhere I don't gotta put a face on for people no mo'
Yours truly, Billy Williams



[Intro]
Yeah, clear enough for ya? (alright)
Why niggas look mad?
Y'all supposed to be happy I'm free
Y'all niggas look like y'all wanted me to stay in jail
Ho bustas!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Picture me rollin' in my 500 Benz
I got no love for these niggas, there's no need to be friends
They got me under surveillance
That's what somebody be tellin'
Know there's dope bein' sold, but I ain't the one sellin'
Don't want to be another number
I gotta puff a gang of weed to keep from goin' under
The federales wanna see me dead
Niggas put prices on my head
Now I got two Rottweilers by my bed, I feed 'em lead
Now I'm released, how will I live?
Will God forgive me for all the dirt a nigga did, to feed kids?
One life to live, it's so hard to be positive
When niggas shootin' at your crib
Mama, I'm still thuggin', the world is a war zone
My homies is inmates, and most of them dead wrong
Full grown, finally a man, just schemin' on ways
To put some green inside the palms of my empty hands
Just picture me rollin'
Flossin' a Benz on rims that isn't stolen
My dreams is censored, my hopes are gone
I'm like a fiend that finally sees when all the dope is gone
My nerves is wrecked, heart beatin'
And my hands are swollen
Thinkin' of the G's I'll be holdin'; picture me rollin'

[Refrain: Danny Boy]
Picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me, picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Ooh wee

[2Pac during Refrain]
Can you see me now?
Move to the side a little bit so you can get a clear picture
Can you see it?
Picture me rollin'
Yeah, nigga!
Aye, but peep how my nigga Syke do it to you
Guess who's back?

[Verse 2: Big Syke]
I got ki's comin' from overseas
Cost a nigga 200 G's
I'm a street commando, Nino for example
This lavish lifestyle is hard to handle
So I got to floss 'cause I'm more like a boss player
Thug, branded to be a women-layer
So many player haters, imitators steady swangin'
Make me wanna start back bangin'
So I'm caught up in the game, dress code changed
Packin' 40 Glocks, contain 'em or rearrange
All that jealousy and envy comin' from my enemies
While I'm sippin' on Rémy
In front of black Lexus, Chevy's on the roam
'96 big body, sittin' on chrome
As we head up out the zone, stone-facin' is on
You can admire, but don't look too long
I'm livin' a dream with triple beams and my pockets bulgin'
It's hard to imagine, picture me rollin'

[Refrain: Danny Boy]
Picture me rollin'
Picture, picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'
Picture me

[Verse 3: CPO]
I gots to get the fuck up in it, formulate a caper
'Cause a nigga straight sufferin' from lack of havin' paper
My bitch fin' to have a bastard, see?
So I needs to hit a lick, drastically
I see some ballin'-ass niggas, and they slippin' in my spot
And, uh, diggin' the plots (so what?)
Checkin' in the park, 'Pac

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
We caught him sleepin'
He didn't peep you niggas creepin'?
This how we do it every weekend
I dump for madness, it's time to count the profit
CPO, you got the bomb spot
Nigga, time to clock it
I get the liquor, and you can get the females
This crooked shit that we inflictin', gettin' street sales

[Verse 5: CPO]
Move smooth as a motherfucker, me and my 9
I'm cool as a motherfucker, I'ma get mine
Now we satisfied, got the pockets on swoll
Boss Hogg and this 'Pac nigga, picture us rollin'

[Refrain: Danny Boy]
Picture me rollin'
Picture me
Picture me rollin'
Picture me rollin'

[Outro: 2Pac]
Is y'all ready for me?
Picture me rollin' roll call
You know there's some muh'fuckers out there
I just could not forget about
I wanna make sure they can see me
Number one on my list: Clinton Correctional Facilities
All you bitch-ass CO's
Can you niggas see me from there?
Ballin' on y'all punk-ass!
Picture me rollin', baby!
Yeah, all them niggas up in them cell blocks
I told y'all niggas when I come home it's on
That's right, nigga, picture me rollin'
Oh, I forgot! The DA
Yeah, that bitch had a lot to talk about in court
Can the ho see me from here?
Can you see me, ho? Picture me rollin'
And all you punk police, can you see me?
Am I clear to you?
Picture me rollin', nigga, legit
Free like O.J. all day, you can't stop me
You know I got my niggas up in this motherfucker
Manute, Pain, Syke, Bogart, Mopreme
It's sad, dog, can you picture us rollin'?
Can you see me, ho?
Is y'all ready for me? We up out this bitch
Any time y'all wanna see me again
Rewind this track right here
Close your eyes and picture me rollin'



[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt]
Welcome back to class, bitch, grab on to your glasses
Odd Future leaving even niggas in past tense
Style is patent, the measures is drastic
Either that or they 4:4, some call them fantastic
She called me fantastic, I called her a fat bitch
Still kill the pussy, put the cat in a casket
The funeral service was fucking worthless, so I said a couple words at it
Didn't know her but I'm confirming that she sure gurgled dick
The Odd nigga with a spoon in your Danimals
As hungry as a cannibal, trapped in a van of cantaloupes
Harder than granite, hoes know I'm coming
With the grand force of Van Damme's fist in a damn cannon, so
Fans catch us on Animal Planet, tracking hoes
And attacking faster than foes can change the channel, whoa
My dick hates sweaters so she jack it slow
The aftermath proves to be smoother than hair relaxer, no

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator & Earl Sweatshirt]
Wave high to the Ritalin regiment
Double S shit, swastikas on the Letterman, bitch
Hungry wolves at the door, bitch, let us in
Kill 'em all, O.F. is what I represent
Say hi to the Ritalin regiment
Double S shit, swastikas on the Letterman, bitch
Hungry wolves at the door, bitch, let us in
Kill 'em all, O.F. is what I represent

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
Took the van, went snatch her
Oh, you wanna snap and scratch? Snap your fucking jabber
Wocky, she's a dancer, walkie-talkie Ace for back up
Like, "Fag, I got class and can't take this bitch to math, what
Tell the fucking teacher that this burlap sack is filled
With snacks for after class for the whole class to snack up?
Yeah, right, get over here faster
Cause Earl's a pro rapper but amateur kidnapper"

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
Earl, goddammit, I'm still in my damn pajamas
Waiting on mom to bring me the Aspirin from a trampoline jump
And if I pick her up, I'm humping and I'm fucking with no lubricant
I'm using spit, piss, vaseline or something, how old is she?
(Seventeen) This bitch is underage
But I'll have her face off tied and Nicholas caged
But anyway, give me cash fag, cause I'm low on gas
Aww fuck it, about to jack off, go catch a fucking cab
No I'm not lying when I say that brother's all I have
But if you're not dying don't fucking bother to call me back
I'm sleep... [sound of Tyler masturbating]

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt]
Say hi to the Ritalin regiment
Double S shit, swastikas on the Letterman, bitch
Hungry wolves at the door, bitch, let us in
Kill 'em all, O.F. is what I represent

[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator]
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Odd Future here to steer you to what the fuck's cool
Fuck rules, skate life, rape, write, repeat twice
Odd Future young enough to get your priest mouth drool
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Odd Future here to steer you to what the fuck's cool
Fuck rules, skate life, rape, write, repeat twice
Odd Future young enough to get your priest mouth drool

[Verse 4: Earl Sweatshirt]
I don't give a fuck, like a senior citizen
Shit and run back to the lab, need assistance from
Sister with the biggest bumbaclot girls
I'm around calves big cause they run a lot and scream, oh
Pay him some attention, he's smart and he's genius
He ain't touching me like Martin Sheen's penis
Y'all niggas ain't clean as my team is mean as
Hitting amputees in the knees, Jesus
Please, just peep the Crystal Method where
I take a fucking beat, strip it naked then I wreck it
It's no question, Sweatshirt's OF
And you can tell by the chiseled horns on my forehead bitch
Hammer-hat flyer than a bag of bats
And Jade's a fucking acrobat, I'll flip her on a mattress
Last straw, fuck that, I'm who broke the camel's back
Say you want that dope shit, welcome to Satan's cabbage patch, bitch

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
Told you he can rap, dumb mothafucka



Wise man say, wise man say
Wise man say
Do you think I sacrificed, real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights
Do you think I sacrificed, a real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights
There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no Y.S.L. that they could sell
And take my mind, out of this jail
And my heart, out of this hell
There are no clothes that I could buy
That could turn, back in time
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could bring back, a piece of real life
Real life, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like, What does it feel like
I ask you tonight, What does it feel like
To live a real life
I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy
I just wanna be a real boy
The funny thing is
Pinocchio, lied, and that's what kept him from it
I tell the truth, and I keep running
It's like I'm looking out there, tryna find something
I looked on the TV, and I see me, and see nothing
So what does it feel like, to live real life, to be real
Not some facade that no one can really feel
Do you really have the stamina?
For everybody that sees you that say, "Wait a second, where's my camera?"
For everybody that sees you to say, "Can you sign an autograph?"
For everybody that sees you crying, say "you oughta laugh
You oughta laugh!?"
There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could bring back, a piece of real life
Real life, Real life
Real life, Real life

Nigga don't miss, better not miss
Better not miss... Better not miss
Better not miss...(Just pianos)
Better not miss, better not miss, better not miss...
(Just pianos)

[Freestyle:]
Don't miss, don't miss...
The camera's on, you gotta do it like, this...
And move your other leg like, this...
And uh, don't get nobody pissed
AYE NIGGA, AYE NIGGA DON'T MISS!
Everyday's the super bowl...
You better not miss!
Everyday is the playoffs, or the championship, (aye)
NIGGA DON'T MISS!
Because uh
If you miss one step we gon', we gon' treat you like this...
We gon' talk shit about you like this
We gon' beat you up like this
We gon' say that people don't like you
We gon' try to make the whole world hate you...
Don't tell, don't never say what everybody else is thinking...
Nigga, nigga don't miss...
Walk perfectly, in this town...

And I feel down again, when I'm down again...
And I'm down again...

Can you imagine how many times they told me
That I would never work in this town again?
In this town again...
And I felt down again, and I felt down again...
And I felt down again...(Do you get it?)
Can you imagine how many times they told me
I'd never work in this town again
But now, 2 nights at the Hollywood Bowl, sold out!
AYE, Don't let 'em bring you down, don't let 'em bring you down, down...
It's more ways than they way to do it
And I'm here to prove it...
I'm here to prove it, I'm here to prove it...
I'm here to prove it...
Nigga don't miss, nigga don't miss
Walk like this, do it like this
Don't get nobody pissed
Walk like this, or we gon' beat you, (aye, aye, aye, aye...)
And they told me, told me...
For 6 years that ain't nobody love me
And they told me, they told me...
You better not show your face in public boy
They told me
Better stand still Emmett Till, better stand still Emmett Till
They told me, they told me, they told me...
(they told me, they told me, they told me, they told me...)
Like Pinocchio, they must have lied
Cause I feel so much love tonight!
They must have lied, 'cause I feel so much love tonight!
Oh, they must have lied, 'cause I feel so much love tonight!
They must have lied, 'cause I feel so much love tonight!
They must have lied, lied...

[Outro:]



[Intro]
Wise man say, wise man say
Wise man say
You'll never figure out real love
Never figure out real love
You'll never figure out real love

[Verse 1]
It's so crazy, crazy-crazy
I got everything figured out
But for some reason I can never find what real love is about
No doubt
Everything in the world figured out
But I can never seem to find what real love was about
Do you think I sacrifice, real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights
Do you think I sacrifice, a real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights
There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no YSL that they could sell
To get my heart, out of this hell
And my mind, out of this jail
There is no clothes that I could buy
That could turn, back in time
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could bring back, a piece of real life
Real life, what does it feel like?
I ask you tonight, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like, I ask you tonight
To live a real life

[Hook]
I just wanna be a real boy
They always say "Kanye, he keeps it real boy"
Pinocchio's story is, I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy

[Verse 2]
It's funny
Pinocchio, lied, and that's what kept him from it
I tell the truth, and I keep running
It's like I'm lookin for something out there, tryna find something
I turn on the TV, and see me, and see nothing
What does it feel like, to live real life, to be real
Not some facade on TV that no one can really feel
Do you really have the stamina?
For everybody that sees you that say, "Where's my camera?"
For everybody that sees you, to say sign a autograph
For everybody that sees you cryin, say you oughta laugh
You oughta laugh!?

[Hook]
I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes

[Verse 3]
And there is no Gepetto, to guide me
No one, right beside me
The only one, was behind me
I can't find her no more, I can't call her no more
I can't..
The only one that come out on the tour and stays
Back when I was livin' at home and this was all a big dream
And the fame will be get got
And the day I moved to L.A., maybe that was all my fault
All my fault to be a real boy, chasin' the American dream
Chasin' everything we seen, up on the TV screen
And when uh, the Benz was left, and the clothes was left
And the hoes was left, you talk the hoes to death
Thinkin' the money that the-
You spend the dough to death
And tell me what be left, for a real boy!
They say "Kanye, you keep it too real boy"
Perspective, and wise man say
One day, you'll find your way
The wise man say, you'll find your way
The wise man say, you'll find your way
Wise man say



[Intro: Rico Wade]
Man, the scene was so thick
Lowriders, '77 Sevilles, El Dogs
Nothing but them 'Lacs
All the players, all the hustlers
I'm talking bout a black man heaven here, nahmsayin, yeah

[Verse 1: Andre 3000]
It's beginning to look a lot like, what? Follow my every step
Take notes on how I crept, I's bout to go in depth
This is the way I creep my season, here's my ghetto rep
I kept, to say the least no, no it can't cease
So I begin to piece my two and two together
Gots no snowy weather, have to find something to do better bet
I said subtract, so shut up that, nonsense about some silent night
I gots it crunk, if it ain't real, ain't right
I'm like no matter what the season
Forever chill with Smith
I sip my fifth, I chill with Wesson, got my reasons
So tell me what did you expect
You thought I'd break my neck, to help y'all deck the halls
Oh naw, I got other means of celebrating
I'm getting blizzard at HoJo, I got that hoochie waiting
I made it through another year can't ask for nothing much more
It's OutKast for the books I thought you knew so now you know
Let's go

[Hook : Sleepy Brown]
All the players came from far and wide
Wearing afros and braids, kicking them gangsta rides
Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day
When the player's ball is happening, all day ery'day

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Halle-lu-jah, halle-lu-jah
Y'know I do some things more different than I used to
'Cause I'm a player, doing what the players do
The package store was closed, okay my day is ruined
This is ridiculous, I'm getting serious, I'm getting curious
'Cause the house is smelling stank, the chitlins old as bitches
I made no wishes cause I'm mobbing folk niggas in the back
Getting tipsy off the nog and high as hell off the contact smoke
They having a smoke out in my back seat
They passing herb rewinding verses 'cause it's in the air
I hit the parks, I hit the cuts, I'm hitting switches
'Cause I'm switching from side to side looking for hoes and snitches
I'm wide open on the freeway, my pager broke my vibe
'Cause a junkie is a junkie three-sixty-five
It's just another day of work to me the spirit just ain't in me
Grab my pistol and my ounce see what them junkies gotta give me
'Cause it's like that, yeah
Forever pimpin', never slippin', that's how it is

[Hook: Sleepy Brown]
All the players came from far and wide
Wearing afros and braids, kicking them gangsta rides
Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day
When the player's ball is happening, all day ery'day

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
Ain't no chimneys in the ghetto so I won't be hanging my socks on no chimney
I'm fit as a tick, fix me a plate, I got the remedy
Some greens and that ham, not
Don't need no ham hocks, don't play me like I'm smoking rocks
I got the munchies, we got the Mary Jane in the Dungeon
Just to let you niggas know in '93, that's how we coming
So ho ho hoes, check my king-ass 'fro
The gin and juice has got me tipsy so, um...

[Verse 4: André 3000]
It goes, give me ten, and I'll serve you then, now we bend
The corner in my Cadillac
My heart does not go pitty-pat for no rat
I'm leaning back, my elbow's out the window
Coke, rum and indo fills my body, where's the party?
We roll deep, we dip to Underground, see a lot of hoes around
I spit my game while waiting countdown
A five, fo', a three, two, here comes the one
A new year has begun, P-Funk, spark another one..

[Hook: Sleepy Brown]
All the players came from far and wide
Wearing afros and braids, kicking them gangsta rides
Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day
When the player's ball is happening, all day ery'day

[Outro: Peaches]
Here's a little something for the players out there hustling
Getting down for theirs
From East Point, College Park, Decatur, Da 'Briar
You know, niggas worldwide
Down, for theirs

[Hook: Sleepy Brown]
All the players came from far and wide
Wearing afros and braids, kicking them gangsta rides
Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day
When the player's ball is happening, all day ery'day



[Produced by Scoop DeVille & Sounwave]

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
Every second, every minute
Man, I swear that she can get it
Say if you a bad bitch, put your hands up high
Hands up high, hands up high
Tell 'em dim the lights down right now
Put me in the mood
I'm talkin' about dark room, perfume, go, go

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I recognize your fragrance
Hold up, you ain't never gotta say shit
Uh, and I know your taste is
A little bit, hmm, high maintenance
Uh, everybody else basic
You live life on an everyday basis
With poetic justice, poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room
Would you trust it?
I mean, I write poems in these songs dedicated to you when
You're in the mood for empathy, there's blood in my pen
Better yet, where your friends and 'em?
I really wanna know you all
I really wanna show you off
Fuck that, pour up plenty of champagne
Cold nights when you curse this name
You called up your girlfriends
And y'all curled in that little bitty Range
I heard that she wanna go and party, she wanna go and party
Nigga, don't approach her with that Atari
Nigga, that ain't good game, homie, sorry
They say conversation rule a nation, I can tell
But I could never right my wrongs
'Less I write it down for real, P.S.

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
You can get it, you can get it
You can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just
Know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright
You can get it, you can get it
You can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just
Know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright

[Verse 2: Drake]
I really hope you play this, 'cause ol' girl, you test my patience
With all these seductive photographs
And all these one-off vacations you've been takin'
Clearly a lot for me to take in, it don't make sense
Young East African girl, you too busy fuckin' with your other man
I was tryna put you on game, put you on a plane
Take you and your momma to the motherland
I could do it, maybe one day
When you figure out you're gonna need someone
When you figure out it's alright here in the city
And you don't run from where we come from
That sound like poetic justice, poetic justice
You were so new to this life, but goddamn, you got adjusted
I mean, I write poems in these songs, dedicated to the fun sex
Your natural hair and your soft skin
And your big ass in that sundress, ooh
Good God, what you doin' that walk for?
When I see that thing move
I just wish we would fight less and we would talk more
They say communication save relations, I can tell
But I can never right my wrongs
Unless I write 'em down for real, P.S.

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
You can get it, you can get it
You can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just
Know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright
You can get it, you can get it
You can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just
Know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Every time I write these words they become a taboo
Makin' sure my punctuation curve, every letter here's true
Livin' my life in the margin and that metaphor was proof
I'm talkin' poetic justice, poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room
Would you trust it? I mean, you need to hear this
Love is not just a verb, it's you lookin' in the mirror
Love is not just a verb, it's you lookin' for it, maybe
Call me crazy, we can both be insane
A fatal attraction is common, and what we have common is pain
I mean, you need to hear this, love is not just a verb
And I can see power steerin', sex drive when you swerve
I want that interference, it's coherent, I can hear it
Uh-huh, that's your heartbeat
It either caught me or it called me, uh-huh
Read slow and you'll find gold mines in these lines
Sincerely, yours truly, and right before you go blind, P.S.

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
You can get it, you can get it
You can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just
Know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright
You can get it, you can get it
You can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just
Know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright

[Outro Skit]
"I'm gon' ask you one more time, homie
Where is you from? Or it is a problem."
"Ayy, you over here for Sherane, homie?"
"Yo, I don't care who this nigga over here for.
If he don't tell me where he from, it's a wrap! I'm sorry."
"Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, we gon' do it like this, okay?
I'ma tell you where I'm from, okay?
You gon' tell me where you from, okay?
Or where your grandma stay, where your mama stay, or where your daddy stay, okay?"
"Enough with all this talkin'."
"Matter of fact, get out the van, homie! Get out the car before I snatch you out that motherfucker, homie!"



[Chorus: Matt Champion]
You are just poison, I put that on my grave
No need for aggression, I just need to behave
But your love is poison, I put that on my soul
Pull me down with seduction, I know that you want control

[Verse: Ameer Vann]
You are my drugs, you are what I need
The love of my life, you kiss me, I bleed
At night when I fiend, I'm grinding my teeth
I get high when you speak, if I could jump I could fly
It's so cold in the clouds, but I stay in the sky
And I see you on the ground, I guess it wasn't the same
You know I smoke and you drank, we ain't one in the same
I can't remember your name, but I remember your scent
And I remember your face, and I remember the…
And I remember the days, we wasn't stuck in our ways
Not a subject for change, I'm just a rat in your maze
And your venom’s to blame

[Chorus: Matt Champion]
You are just poison, I put that on my grave
No need for aggression, I just need to behave
But your love is poison, I put that on my soul
Pull me down with seduction, I know that you want control

[Outro: Joba]
Poison, poison
Poison, poison



Yo, we made this joint, we was like, "We gotta get Preemo to scratch on this shit, seriously." Cause, that's one of my idols, just a legend in the game, a living legend. And then, plus, he, he like porn a lot, so I relate to him with that, you know. And he been to the AVN's, you know. I been to the Grammy's, he been to the AVN's, you know. I'm, and, actu- I'm envious of him, cause Rick Rubin, he actually asked me to go to the AVN's, and I was like, "Man, I can't do it. I just made 'Jesus Walks'. They gon' see me, and they gon' take away my NAACP award." So I was, uh, you know, I have to watch pornos in the privacy of my own home, you know? I really want to go AVN's, but, you know, I can't do it, cause they'll take me off the cover of Jet, and then what? Now I won't make it on the cover of Essence. But one day, one day I'll be there. I'ma have one on of them BAPE hoodies zipped-up with the eyes cut out and some, some gloves with the fingers cut off so I could feel, too, so I could touch. You know they let celebrities touch. That's how it be whenever you go to the strip club, "No touching!  Except for you, 'Ye, you can do whatever you want."



[Verse 1: Tyler, the Creator]
My mother warned me that some niggas ain't my right hand
To trust her, only my heart and that elder white man
His name is Clancy, I fancy him, gotta give him props
He half the reason why dealerships even let me cop
So now I'm speedin' and tryna drive away from the fact
That she was right, so I triple left, tryna double back
The streets are filled with some clues
Like how I ain't notice that? (How I ain't see that?)
Fuck it, I seen some familiar stuck in the cul-de-sac
I pull up, get out, what up? I wanna help
But what you want for some, some niggas
Really don't want for themself
Now do I stay? Do I go? That's my dilemma
And traffic is picking up, if I don't leave I'ma get stuck (skrrt)
So I speed off, we talk barely and it seems awkward
And I heard through some words that you're off it
I got too much drive, don't wanna steer off path
And crash and get distracted
But I listen to that weather man 'cause it might rain
Keep my windshield wipers prepared
Cause y'all throw so much shade
And I got jacket in trunk, but that's in the front
I also got power for both of us if you're ever in need of jump
Just let me know, my nigga

[Chorus: Jaden Smith & Tyler, the Creator]
I had to switch gears on 'em
Fishtail in the rearview mirror on 'em (Skrrrrrt!)
I had to switch gears on 'em
You know, swerve, left turn, steerin' wheel on 'em
Nigga that's a pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Look out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole

[Verse 2: Tyler, the Creator]
Snakes in the grass, but I walk
I got some new boots, on the back it says GOLF
So I be prepared for their bites, they're all talk
I left the condom in the grass so fuck off
Watchin' Clarence in a mansion with nobody in it
Young successful nigga, ride McLaren with no windows tinted
I drive by piggies when I'm in it 'cause it feels amazin'
The irony is I stopped eatin' bacon
Don't get it twisted, nigga, I'm still hungry, oh he lonely
All my friends talk about their hoes and tenderonies
But all I can show 'em is a couple cars and more things
That I've made in the couple past month, he's on, please
Everyone is a sheep, me, a lone wolf
Nobody gon' make a peep 'cause everyone wants some wool
Since everyone is a sheep, not everyone here is cool
Man I'd rather drown in a pool by myself
Than fuck with their fleece
See, man, T-Man fans be seesaw
Wind blows, they go, which way, who knows?
One day, "Fuck no," the next day, "Okay"
But fuck y'all, I know that T is four for four
I just want that garden and that Batmobile
Good health, success, time on earth worthwhile
Find somebody who love me and raise a couple of lizards
But my vehicle's good for now, that's in a couple of miles
Now keep it pushin', nigga

[Chorus: Jaden Smith & Tyler, the Creator]
I had to switch gears on 'em
Fishtail in the rearview mirror on 'em (Skrrrrrt!)
I had to switch gears on 'em
You know, swerve, left turn, steerin' wheel on 'em
Nigga that's a pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Look out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole

[Outro: Tyler, the Creator]
Fuck, okay, next one
Do-do-do-do-do-do
Gotta watch out for the potholes
Ooh, said watch out for the potholes
Haha



[Produced By: John Sparkz & Party Supplies]

[Intro]
Been on the honor roll, sculptures of my body out in Nagano
My shawty features like Madonna-
I ain't like that one
Yo, line for line
Straight up lambs on the arm, Giambi lenses
Ken Caminiti, Bosworth

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Been on the honor roll, sculptures of my body out in Nagano
My shawty features like Madonna, Lo designer
Bending these young Lola Fellanas over. Ace the test
Baste the breast with the juices
Under the influence of fly shit, I glide like Ovechkin
Disqus hoody, puff hibiscus, balance be the crispest
Baby girl, you're wylin if you sniff this
You gotta take a piss test, piss right through your fishnets
Robert Moses State Park, lamb in the sand
Blam blam a piggie try to put my fam in the can
Strictly cop and go's, until we laid in the Galapagos
Eating tacos, higher than a opera note
We never ride Civics, the Mont Blanc scripted lyrics
It's like avant garde to the critics
I throw you in that armbar with the quickness
Either you with me or bitch you on the shit list

[Verse 2: Roc Marciano]
Bitch, please, picture me in Sicily
The hard bottoms gators is slippery
I just had an epiphany
And now I'm shittin' on your whole steez ridiculously
45. fire at ya attire, to break your armor up like fine china
Fly designer hoes diggin for gold like a 49er
I hit the diner, the Carolina
Pass the lighter to the passenger in the spyder
Vagina splash like apple cider
So fuck your little 2 cents blue benz bitches jump like Harold Miner
I'm in the recliner, we traced like eye liner
And I escape like MacGyver
Bank robbers, bang 38's to taste cobbler
And lay up with a case of vodka
Get cake and prosper
Ate steak and lobster to Frank Sinatra
Air you out, leave your face for pasta
Get laced and dip the jakes in the grey Boxster
Beige fox, 88 Clarks
Ladies identify gangsters' posture
I'm feeling like J Hoffa
Fuck yall, eat a fat dick with the monster



[Verse 1]
Let 'em speak, I know I'm meek but the mills louder
Watch the throne, kings kill when the prince feels power
It's the real deal, Holyfield, holy shit, holy grail
Silver spoon coon, young buffoon, yeah, they know me well
I'm makin' moves, couldn't lose, doin' Parker Lewis
Hot on my own, self-immolate, I could be a Buddhist
Hot on my own, check your tone, check your stance homie
You don't even like me, you just trynna get my fans homie
So nerdy but the flow wordy
Brain-freezin' with the flow slurpie
Ice cold but you know I burn cash like I had herpes
Not true, but I'm that dirty
Niggas quit bein' hot man, cold turkey
While I'm out in Kauai, man, soul searchin'
And these niggas be afraid and I'm so certain
Cause they don't know what to do when the world's broken
A lot of people try and go and talk shit but your girl stops me on the street
Like it's stop and frisk and a bunch of DDots wanna talk a lot of shit
But that's cool cause in the real world they really don't exist
It's all because the internet
Chance made millions, Haim made millions
Dan made millions, Kendrick made millions
I would too if I wasn't in my feelings

[Interlude]
You know, cause like, people say money's not everything
But money, you need money to do what you wanna do
Like money is power, honesty is power, truth is power
But at the same time they tell you like

[Verse 2]
Ain't nothin' more important than the mula
You ain't really eatin' boy, you gotta get your food up
We so steady eatin' baby, you already know that
The way I'm droppin' new shit, I'm sittin' on the toilet
Every night I tour that, moment
But we don't take pictures, when you're rich you just see it again
The only thing they really worry about is me and the pen
Wrote some shit on Instagram, I'm just bein' honest
They tried to give your boy pills like I'm bein' violent
They tried to give your boy pills just to keep him silent
Keep tellin' people the truth, you could be iconic
They tried to give your boy pills, like "he's scarin' us"
Try to stay inside, I don't really like appearances
I try to stay inside, but they still got something to say
"Are you still on the show? Are you dating Jhené?"
It's deeper than that
Calico inside the handbag, I'm keepin' the cat
I got some niggas in reserve like I'm deep in Iraq
And I'm deepening rap, and it's deeper than rap
This is deeper than rap

[Outro]
Yo, let the beat play until the cake part comes in
I like that part, I like that part a lot
Cash rules everything around me
Yeah, I like this
Cake, cake, cake, cake, birthday cake
Black and white, yo that's a zebra cake
Pancakes, wedding cakes
That's all I wanted



[Intro: JAY-Z]
Is this thing on?
Oh, I thought they silenced us, Ye
Power to the people

[Verse 1: JAY-Z]
We living in that 31st century, futuristic fly shit
The penthouse is the projects and everybody flies private
New watches (you know what time it is) watch us (you see us)
They can’t stop us, the prophets, biatches!

[Chorus: Kanye West]
No one man should have all that power
The clock’s ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I’m tripping off the power
No one man should have all that power

[Verse 2: JAY-Z]
Rumble, young man, rumble
Life is a trip, so sometimes we gonna stumble
You gotta go through pain in order to become you
But once the world numbs you, you’ll feel like it’s only one you
Now you got the power to do anything you want to
Until you ask yourself, "Is this what it’s all come to?"
Looking at life through sunglasses and a sunroof
But do you have the power to get out from up under you
Fuck all these labels, fuck what everybody wants from you
They're trying to Axl Rose you, welcome to the jungle
To be continued, we on that Norman Mailer shit
In search of the truth even if it goes through Taylor Swift
Tell her this

[Chorus: Kanye West & John Legend]
No one man should have all that power
Yea-ey-yea-ey-yeah-ey!
Oh oh (and they say) yeah-ey (and they say)
Oh oh (and they say) yeah-ey (and they say)
Oh oh (and they say) yeah-ey (and they say)
No one man should have all that power

[Bridge: Kanye West]
Now when I walk in, everybody do the "Power" clap
Clap, clap, clap
Fresh for the club, I just took a half an hour nap
Clap, clap, clap
I seen people go crazy when the whole world in our lap
Clap, clap, clap
My socket was out the plug now it’s time to get the power back
Clap, clap

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I seen people abuse power, use power
Misuse and then lose power
Power to the people at last, it’s a new hour
Now we all ain't gonna be American Idols
But you can least grab a camera, shoot a viral, huh
Take the power in your own hands
I’m a grown man, doing my grown dance
I don’t stop until I see the end, my vision clear, bitch
I’m on my Van Gogh, I don’t hear shit

[Chorus: Kanye West & John Legend]
No one man should have all that power
The clock’s ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I’m tripping off the power
'Til then, fuck that, the world's ours (ey-yeah!)
Oh oh (and they say) yeah-ey (and they say)
Oh oh (and they say) yeah-ey (and they say)
Oh oh (and they say) yeah-ey (and they say)
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay (the power)

[Verse 4: Kanye West]
Now everything I’m rhyming on cause a Ramadan
Been a don, praying for the families lost in the storm
Bring our troops back from Iraq, keep our troops out of Iran
So the next couple bars, I’mma drop 'em in Islam
They say "As-salamu alaykum", say "Wa alaikum as-salaam"
That’s no Oscar Mayer bacon, you should run and tell your mom
Now the question is, how we going stop the next Vietnam
Keep Flex out of Korea, cause you know he drop bombs

[Break: Swizz Beatz]
Showtime!
Aiyyo Yeezy, man, stop playing with these people, man
They want see you act all crazy in this motherfucker, man
Take that jacket off and go crazy on them niggas, man
You know what I’m talking about? (I got the power!)

[Verse 5: Kanye West]
What do it mean to be the boss?
It mean second place is the first one who lost
The crucifixion, the being nailed to the cross
Truth or fiction, it’s a hell of a cost
Do the dishes, I’m about to hit that Jeff Gordon
Michael Jordan, the only one more important
But I be feeling like Jordan when I’m recording
Cause every time I record, I dunk and slap the boards
I don’t know what these rappers gonna do afterwards
Prolly spaz like I might do at the awards
Huh, I got the whole crowd going crazy
Homie, I should be rewarded
Gettin' money, Yeezy, Yeezy, how you do it, huh
Eating Wheaties, drinkin' Fiji, being greedy, huh
Don’t even think you can allude to the rumors
I’m immune to the boos, I’ma prove to you losers
It’s all in timing, nigga
See I dreamed my whole life that I could rhyme with Jigga
Now Jay my big brother and Bey' my lil' sister
And excuse me, but you can’t see my lil' sister
Number one sound across the board, hey
Number one now and forevermore, hey
Number one rule is niggas don’t hate
Maybe I’ll drop the album, nah, y’all gotta wait
And on the net, they showing pictures of my Cali place
My Maybach in NY but it still got the Cali plates
All my old girls know that I’m the one that got away
I think about 'em Christmas and play some Donny Hathaway
And keep my bulletproof-hater coat on
Looking at some photos that I’m looking crazy dope on
Hand up, talking shit, yeah, I get my Pope on
And go home with something to poke on
That’s what Dre said, but this what 'Ye said
How 'Ye doing? Who 'Ye screwin'?
That’s for my dick to know, before you get to know him
She ain’t give you ass, that pussy fictional
I gotta give her the eviction no-
-tice, "Get yo’ ass out, bitch, vamonos"
Five seconds to the song and we getting close
I got the power, motherfucker, if you didn’t know

[Outro: Swizz Beatz]
Chill, chill, chill, man
Chill, 'Ye, chill, chill, chill
Shit’s burned up already
It’s over



[Produced by Andrew Dawson, Jeff Bhasker, Kanye West, Mike Dean & S1]

[Intro]
I’m living in that 21st Century, doing something mean to it
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music

[Chorus]
No one man should have all that power
The clock’s ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I’m tripping off the power
(21st-Century schizoid man)

[Verse 1]
The system broken, the school is closed, the prison's open
We ain’t got nothing to lose, motherfucker we rolling
Huh? Motherfucker we rolling
With some light-skinned girls and some Kelly Rowlands
In this white man world, we the ones chosen
So goodnight, cruel world, I’ll see you in the morning
Huh? I’ll see you in the morning
This is way too much, I need a moment

[Chorus]
No one man should have all that power
The clock’s ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I’m tripping off the power
Till then, fuck that, the world’s ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
(21st-Century schizoid man)

[Verse 2]
Fuck SNL and the whole cast
Tell them Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
More specifically they can kiss my asshole
I’m an asshole? You niggas got jokes
You short-minded niggas thoughts is Napoleon
My furs is Mongolian, my ice brought the goalies in
And I embody every characteristic of the egotistic
He knows, he’s so fucking gifted
I just needed time alone with my own thoughts
Got treasures in my mind but couldn’t open up my own vault
My childlike creativity, purity and honesty
Is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
Reality is catching up with me
Taking my inner child, I’m fighting for custody
With these responsibilities that they entrusted me
As I look down at my diamond encrusted piece

[Chorus]
Thinking no one man should have all that power
The clock’s ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I’m tripping off the powder
Till then, fuck that, the world’s ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
(21st-Century schizoid man)

[Verse 3]
Colin Powells, Austin Powers
Lost in translation with a whole fucking nation
They say I was the abomination of Obama’s nation
Well that’s a pretty bad way to start the conversation
At the end of the day, god damn it I’m killing this shit
I know damn well y’all feeling this shit
I don’t need your pussy, bitch, I’m on my own dick
I ain’t gotta power trip, who you going home with?
How 'Ye doing? I’m surviving
I was drinking earlier, now I’m driving
Where the bad bitches, huh? Where you hiding?
I got the power to make your life so exciting
(So excit-, so excit-, so excit-, so excit-)

[Outro: Kanye West & Dwele]
Now this will be a beautiful death
I’m jumping out the window, I’m letting everything go
I’m letting everything go
Now this will be a beautiful death
I’m jumping out the window, I’m letting everything go
I’m letting everything go
Now this will be a beautiful death
I’m jumping out the window, I’m letting everything go
Letting everything go
You got the power to let power go?
(21st-Century schizoid man)



[Malcolm X]
Who are you?
You don't know?
Don't tell me 'Negro'
That's nothing
What were you before the white man named you a 'Negro'?
What was your name?
It couldn't have been 'Smith' or 'Jones' or 'Bush' or 'Powell'
That wasn't your name
They don't have those kind of names where you and I came from
No what was your name?
And why don't you now know what your name was then?
Where was your history?
How did a man wipe out your history?
How did the man, what did the man do to make you as dumb, as you are right now?

[Killer Mike]
Motherfuckas I just bought some new chuckas
The old ones bloodied up from stomping out mo' suckas
Big bad Killa
Big black gorilla
King Kong on you monkey ass niggas
Step and fetch funky ass, flunky ass niggas
Dick in the booty for your Massa' ass niggas
I don't fear no man
Not Bush not Clinton not Osama
Ask your Uncle Thomas how he choose Massa' over Obama
You could have a million dollars and a white collar
Liberation costs more then a damn dollar
It costs what Christ gave
King gave
X gave
A billion dollars don't make you an ex-slave
Nigga With an Attitude since fifth grade
I never behave
Rather be a dead man than a live slave

[Hook:]
We can say what we like
Put the pressure on 'em
Ice Cube and Killer Mike
Put the pressure on 'em
I can do what I want
Put the pressure on 'em
But god dammit I'm gonna
Put the pressure on 'em
Put the pressure on 'em
Homie put the pressure on 'em
Put the pressure on 'em
Homie put the pressure on 'em
Put the pressure on 'em
Homie put the pressure on 'em
Cause pressure bust pipes
Pressure bust pipes

[Ice Cube:]
I'm here to deprogram you
Don't forget what they made your great grandmama do
What they made your great granddaddy do
Without a dollar or a penny or a thank you
The same motherfuckers wanna gank you
Cause they hate you and the pussy that you came through
Can anybody tell me that it ain't true?
That these motherfuckers ain't out to hurt you
They'll lock you up, beat you up and work you
Put your life on a thirty year curfew
Little cell little window for you to look through
Even gotta a little chair where he can cook you
Nigga please I'mma be in the breeze
Beat 'em up with my plan like the Japanese
Now I'm overseas
And I'm trapping these
Thank God I didn't have to cock and squeeze

[Hook]

[Killer Mike]
Black politicians stop bullshitting
And you funky black preachers with your pulpit
Our kings had dreams and a big vision
All you give us is government and religion
Is you a freedom fighter or a stool pigeon
Is you down for your people in the big mission
Or you a dirty nigga working for a fucking Clinton
Or you dirty nigga working for a fucking Bush
Another message for the politicians:
Better get the police off our ass quickly
If another old lady die in this city
Swear to god we will burn down the fucking city
Big schemes
Big dreams
Yeah I'm with it folk
But twenty years of selling dope just a fucking joke
And so what, you the man with that white man?
Probation got your answering to a white man

[Hook]

[Killer Mike]
God dammit the Red Dogs and Ramparts running rampant
These pigs going ham sammich
In New York killed a young brother
In Atlanta killed a grandmother
And politicians say 'save the planet'
Fuck that, save us dammit!
From the black pigs helped 'em kill Sean Bell
I hope it's five degrees hotter for your ass in hell
Race traitin' bastard, you less than trash
I hope when Jesus come back he murder your ass
So you burn in hell 'til you turn white ash
To the one that say 'sorry' tell' em 'kiss our ass'
We don't need em motherfucker you can keep it for yourself
I wish you nothing but pain and bad health
I hope luck run away from you and wealth
No honor in life no honor in death
You a Judas to us, nigga kill yourself

[Hook]

[Malcolm X]
No Negro leaders have fought for civil rights
They have begged for civil rights
They have begged the white man for civil rights
They have begged the white man for freedom
And anytime you beg another man to set you free
You will never be free
Freedom is something you have to do for yourselves
And until the American Negro lets the white man know
That we are really really ready and willing to pay the price that is necessary for freedom
Our people will always be walking around and second class citizens or what you call twentieth century slaves
(What price are you talking about sir?)
The price of freedom is death



[Intro: Bēkon]
Love's gonna get you killed
But pride’s gonna be the death of you and you and me
And you and you and you and me
And you and you and you and me
And you and you and you and me and—

[Chorus: Steve Lacy & Kendrick Lamar]
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
In another life, I surely was there
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
I care, I care

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Hell-raising, wheel-chasing, new worldy possessions
Flesh-making, spirit-breaking, which one would you lessen?
The better part, the human heart, you love ’em or dissect 'em
Happiness or flashiness? How do you serve the question?
See, in a perfect world, I would be perfect, world
I don't trust people enough beyond they surface, world
I don't love people enough to put my faith in man
I put my faith in these lyrics, hoping I make a band
I understand I ain't perfect, I probably won't come around
This time I might put you down
Last time I ain't give a fuck, I still feel the same now
My feelings might go numb, you're dealing with cold thumb
I’m willing to give up a leg and arm than show empathy from
Pity parties and functions of you and yours
A perfect world, you probably live another 24
I can’t fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure
I can’t fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure

[Chorus: Steve Lacy & Kendrick Lamar]
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
In another life, I surely was there
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
I care, I care

[Refrain: Kendrick Lamar & Anna Wise]
Maybe I wasn’t there
Maybe I wasn't there
Maybe I wasn't there
Maybe I wasn't there

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Now, in a perfect world, I probably won't be insensitive
Cold as December but never remember what Winter did
I wouldn't blame you for mistakes I made or the bed I laid
Seems like I point the finger just to make a point nowadays
Smiles and cold stares, the temperature goes there
Indigenous disposition, feel like we belong here
I know the walls, they can listen, I wish they could talk back
The hurt becomes repetition, the love almost lost that
Sick venom in men and women overcome with pride
A perfect world is never perfect, only filled with lies
Promises are broken and more resentment come alive
Race barriers make inferior you and I
See, in a perfect world, I'll choose faith over riches
I'll choose work over bitches, I'll make schools out of prison
I'll take all the religions and put 'em all in one service
Just to tell 'em we ain't shit, but He's been perfect, world

[Chorus: Steve Lacy & Kendrick Lamar]
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
In another life, I surely was there
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
I care, I care

[Refrain: Kendrick Lamar & Anna Wise]
Maybe I wasn't there
Maybe I wasn't there
Maybe I wasn't there
Maybe I wasn't there



[Part I: "PROM"]

[Verse: Saba]
This remind me of before we had insomnia
Sleepin' peacefully, never needed a pile of drugs
Everybody was college-bound, no dollar amounts
In God we trust, senior year my prom ain't had no party bus
My cousin hit me on Facebook like, "What shorty you takin'?"
I'm lyin', I'm playin', I'm sayin', "I got one to take"
And I'm waitin' on her response, wrote her a three-page letter
It's three days later, never hit me back, she broke my heart
So now he IM'ing me shit like, "Yo, is shorty bad?"
I pretend not to be depressed, she never wrote me back
I hit him back like "Yo, well fuck her, it's on to the next"
I wrote that message thinkin' I'm awkward, prolly never have sex
You know in high school, 16, you prolly late
My cousin hit me back, "Don't trip, bro, I got you a date"
So he sent me this link to some girl I had never seen
He said to call and tell her "Walter sent you, you with me"
I think about it for a minute like what's his intentions?
I mean we never really got along or used to kick it
In fact if I remember vividly, he picked on me
He used to beat me up and take my sneakers every family visit
I'm skeptical to let her know I'm Walter' little cousin
What if this shit all a joke? Then again, what if it wasn't?
Would I really risk the chance of me potentially fuckin'
On some stranger daughter cause I barely know if I can trust him?
Prolly not
I finally called her, tell her "Walter sent me, my name Tahj"
She asked me what's the color scheme that we gon' wear to prom
I'm actin' like I'm not excited, tryna play it off
"So what's the car we're takin'?" "Worst come worst, her mom can take us"
I'll call Walt to thank him, he said "Don't trip and just wear black"
He said she cool and they go back, if any problems, hit him back
I never had to, but now we in tune
He Facebook messaged me like, "Sorry, not to be a nuisance"
But he like 30 dollars short on all his prom suit shit
I'm like, "I got you, cuz, that's the least that I could do"
He tell me send him the addy and he'll slide after school
I'm like, "Okay, bet," never knew where he stayed at
He walked down the street hella surprised
"This where y'all place at?
Uncle Carl, Auntie Deborah, my cousin Rena?"
And I'm surprised too, my family knew, kept this a secret
Me and cuz stay down the street, living different lives
Every day he on the bus, me, I get a ride
I gave him 30 on the porch, he never went inside
He tells me, "Thank you," then he walked back home with a smile
He tryna hide it but I see his dimple
I'm thinkin', "Damn, that transaction was simple"
I'm talking shit, I know he hoop, I'm like, "Ay, where the rim, bro?"
He like, "Tomorrow if you free, you prolly weak as shit though"
I know my brother not
So all three of us went to the park and ran some niggas off the court
I'm hella passive, I was passin', I ain't have to score
The next day the prom, I couldn't sleep, I stayed up
My granddad gave me a condom then walked away, didn't say nun'
She hopped out of her car and said that her name was Jada
My heart's racin', I'm focused, I'm tryna keep it playa
Gave her the croissant or corsage or whatever the fuck
My mom handed me, and said, "Now put it on her hand, Malik"
Family ties, my grandfather taught me how to tie up a tie
'Cause my dad lived in NY
That's prolly why I was shy, so self-conscious
Took pictures on the porch and then we headed for the prom and
Walter went on prom the same day, but to a different place
So he text me like, "Cuz, this the spot, let's meet up later
And bring Jada through," prom flashed, I kept it cool
We show up to the function where she brought a change of clothes
I'm lookin' around like, "Damn, I don't know nobody"
We at this party out west, and Jada left to get dressed
I fake like I'm sendin' text, some stranger get really close
I swear that I hear his breath then he put a knife to my neck
Gave me the run down like, "Jada my sister
And if you hit her, fuck her, make her miss ya, I'ma kill ya!"
At this point, I'm just exhausted wonderin' where the fuck's Walter
He shows up like 30 minutes after our altercation
I never mentioned it to him, he kinda overprotective
And I know if I tell him, that he'll beat this nigga's skull in
Turn his body a skeleton, and our night'll end terrible
I exhale and say, "Fuck it", and I just chose to let it go

[Part II: "KING"]

[Skit]
Fuck with you boy
Said you're used to getting everything your way
This not how that happens this time
She tryna fuck with you boy

[Verse 1: Saba]
Walt went to St. Louis, had a full ride for his hoopin'
Him and his coach got into it, now he back home doin' music, ay
I was at Columbia, a damn near straight A student
I had one B in a hip-hop class, I thought that shit was stupid
He transferred to Robert Morris, oh its lit, we down the street
My class let out at 2:40 and his class let out at 3
Mama asked me where the hell I been at, where the hell I be
"I'm with Walter, mom, I'm safe" I keep walkin' in here late
I might fall off in your bae, I get girls now, I get laid
I get caught up I blame Walter, I'm a product of my age
He talk to every girl downtown Chicago, wingman, I cannot fly though
He was in Cal white Impala, he was that nigga in the party
Awfully popular for someone that they barely mention
Plus we from the part of city that they barely mention
Just logged into Twitter and somehow we was barely mentioned
We signed our names on the open mic list and then they skipped us
And then they skipped us again like a week later
Like obviously this fuckin' host can't read the paper
Hella' intimidatin', a big guy didn't have to flex
So Walter walked to the host and said, "This the name you callin' next"
Bullied our way to the stage and then overstayed our welcome
An apple never get too far from the tree that it fell from
Just like my father tryna do music and hope I make it
Walter joined me for the journey said the city waitin'
PIVOT

[Verse 2: Saba]
Walter invincible, dodged death like a mad magician
More times than a mathematician
I'm in L.A. workin' on Bucket List Project, I get a call and get a fishy feeling
Normally Walt joke on the phone, this time he over serious
My heart dropped and I'm like, "Yo, what is it?!"
He say he with T-Y on the highway and some niggas just tried to kill him
Emptied the clip on the car but somehow they didn't hit him
Sometimes I fuckin' hate Chicago cause I hate this feelin'
Innocent niggas get shot at in the broad day, the AM
I asked him for a play-by-play of how their whole day went
He say he went to XSport and they ran a full court
And I can not retort without thinkin' that this can't be the reason
"So what else you do? What about Ty? Is he still cool?
Where you on your way from and where you on your way to?"
He say he just left a dinner at a friend crib and that's it
He say "Ty don't do shit but smoke, honestly Saba, that's it"
Give him sympathy, another case of mistaken identity
The news prolly gon' run this as two gangs from different streets
Police questionin' him like he just shot at a trooper
My boy walked away unharmed and we did Lollapalooza, yeah
Six months pass by, everyday we celebrate, everyday a better day
I just dropped Bucket List, Walt about to drop a tape
Everything goin' perfect, couldn't paint a better way
PIVOT gang is on the way, we just sold out Lincoln Hall
Then I went to talk to Sway
I got back home and got back on it
'Cause Walt was doin' two a days
Sendin' me links to songs that he made
Kid Cudi, we are not ridin' no waves, ay
Grandma made his plate, we played 2K, that's just a day before
Fatimah got a show tomorrow, he text me, "Ay, we in that hoe"
I went to the barbershop, the first thing the next mornin'
Then I got up with LEGIT, we supposed to do some recordin'
Ten minutes into the session, I got a call from a number
That I don't got saved, but I answer anyways
She says, "Hello, Malik, have you or Squeak
Talked to my son today? He was just on the train"
We got in the car but we didn't know where to drive to
Fuck it, wherever you are my nigga, we'll come and find you...

[Outro: John Walt]
Just another day in the ghetto
Oh, the streets bring sorrow
Can't get up today with their schedule
I just hope I make it 'til tomorrow
I just hope I make it 'til tomorrow
I just hope I make it 'til tomorrow
I just hope I make it 'til tomorrow



[Produced by Dj Such n Such, Prince Talent, and THEMPeople]

[Verse 1]
Charlie Bartlett, John Bender
Class Switcher, Time Bender
Chance Bennett, a peculiar name
Graduation night teachers Ferris Bueller'd my name
You made a mixtape? Good job, I hope you get a good job
We was all outcasts, only listened to Good Mob
I performed at fun fair, fun fact
I'm never going back to school, been there, done that
They see my little 10 Day tape and my dumb raps
Don't call it impossible, if you really want that
They send my ass to summer school, don't call it a comeback
I just came to beat a bully's ass and get my lunch back
Chano y tequila you know you know you don't want that
I rap my songs in Spanglish, I wrap my weed in blunt wraps
Wrapped up in this one line I hope that shit get unwrapped
As if niggas was getting signed off of a line off one rap
Yo Vic, remember when they called us some freshmen niggas rapping?
Now I ain't gonna be a freshman and I'm rapping
I should've learned a lesson from all of this shit happening
I just look over to Justin for refreshments of the Captain
It's sipping when it's weak sauce, it's shots if it's cracking
Sip it when we tear up, and chug it if we laughing
Fuck it if we're fucked up I never thought of Chatham
Until the day they said I would have to chat without em
And I'm just in the studio hoping that it sounds right
Here's a brighter bulb for your limelight
And this is your night, homie, shine bright
This for everybody's fucking prom night

[Hook]
And it's alright, and it's okay
And we're all good, we're with homies
Any problems, you can call us
It's all love, it's all love
And it's alright, and it's okay
And we're all good, we're with homies
Any problems, you can call us
It's all love, it's all love

[Verse 2]
Uh, yo this prom shit feel like the Grammy's yo
These pictures Granny took gonna make me ask where'd Granny go
So pass the Sanyo to Auntie Jo
And snap a couple candid's of the family, get some cameos
You can change the clocks but you can't change hours
I'm waiting on the day, Spring can't bring flowers
Let me ask for minutes from dad for those campaign hours
And pour these thirsty hoes a couple champagne showers
And hop up in that limo, the hood going dummy
The hood fucking love me, the hood think we lovely
So go and pop some bubbly, this right here's to loyalty
This to a moment's glimpse at royalty
This is for my momma Jan who spoiled me
Look what we've accomplished
Time flies, watches look like magnets on a compass
Before we dip, Gladys said a prayer over the limo
Bumping 10 Day with the Angels with Jesus shopping my demo
And rode up out of Chatham, the whole hood clapping
And damn it would be crazy if any of this shit had happened
But it didn't, I missed prom, I missed it to spin
I did a show at AKIN and I would do it again

[Hook]
And it's alright, and it's okay
And we're all good, we're with homies
Any problems, you can call us
It's all love, it's all love
And it's alright, and it's okay
And we're all good, we're with homies
Any problems, you can call us
It's all love, it's all love

[Verse 3]
Look at, look at your business tux, all night airplane
Go and get your racist on, all white everything
I'm on my paper now, put that on my heading
I ain't even write this down I don't write errthing
I know y'all don't like everything
She want a night she can call her wedding
Giving Eskimo kisses, with some Eskimo bitches
Nose diving, going all night sledding
Coked out like "Don't change when you grow up
I hope you get some change when you blow up"
Cause honestly I've always loved the way that you could throw up
Rest up on my shoulder, float up flying lotus
"You deserve a warm towel, you deserve a soda
You deserve a quiet room, you deserve a sofa
You deserve a Ferrari and a matching tiara
And a hand to wipe away all that running mascara"
But I, I want to thank you for this prom night
Thank you for this prom night
Thank you for this prom night
I really enjoyed my prom night

[Hook]
And it's alright, and it's okay
And we're all good, we're with homies
Any problems, you can call us
It's all love, it's all love

[Outro]
So good, so right, hey baby
So good, so right
You know it feels so good
So good, so right
To be with you tonight
So good, so right
To be with you tonight
So good, so right
To be with you tonight



[Intro: Inspectah Deck]
Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to welcome to you
All the way from the slums of Shaolin
Special uninvited guests
Came in through the back door
Ladies and gentlemen, it's them!

[Verse 1: Inspectah Deck]
Dance with the mantis, note the slim chances
Chant this anthem, swing like Pete Sampras
Taking it straight to Big Man On Campus
Brandish your weapon or get dropped to the canvas
Scandalous, made the metro panic
Cause static with or without the automatic
And while I'm at it, yo, you got cash, pass it
It's drastic, gotta send half to Dirty Bastard

[Verse 2: Raekwon]
Waves is spinning, blades is spinning
Slay em in the eighth inning
Stay truck, god stay playing linen
Kill rap, observe the uptowns, ho, feel that
Mink jeans on, seen where the real at
2000 Zitos, moving with a ill ego
For real, for real, ill lines, ill people
Yo, bring it back, 9 more civilians
Pollying deals, monopoly and bills, y'all niggas lying
Caught 300, lab look royal wit a mean stomach
Go broke, all seen, done it
Words from the heavy set, if I don't eat, then we already met
Fly ass bro, liver than coke

[Verse 3: Method Man]
Now what Clan you know with lines this ill?
Bust shots at Big Ben like we got time to kill
Niggas can't gel or I'm just too high to tell
Put on my gasoline boots and walk through Hell
With 9 generals, 9 ninjas in your video
9 milli blow, semi-auto with no serial
Man metaphysical, I speak for criminals
Who don't pay they bills on time and fuck with digital
Never seen, smoke a bag of evergreen
My sword got a Jones, more heads for the severing
Johnny in the dungeon, taking all bets, throw ya ones in
Scared money don't make money, throw ya guns in

[Verse 4: Masta Killa]
That's word to Damo, San Juan, Puerto Rico
Blowin hydro on a beach wit Tamiko
My gun bullet hollow for you to swallow
Blowin' the nozzle, hear it whistle
One in the head, this is code red, man for dead
X amount of lead spray from the barrel
Heat clear the street like Connor O'Carroll
Fully equipped, rifles, banana clip shit
To make my niggas from East New York flip

[Verse 5: RZA]
Yo, you may catch me in a pair of Polo Skipperys, matching cap
Razor blades in my gums (BOBBY!)
You may catch me in yellow Havana Joe's goose jumper
And my phaser off stun (BOBBY!)
Y'all might just catch me in the park playin' chess, studyin' math
Signin 7 and a Sun (BOBBY!)
But you won't catch me without the ratchet, in the joint
Smoked out, dead broke or off point (BOBBY!)

[Verse 6: Ghostface Killah]
Wallo's comfortable, chocolate frosting
Your socks hangin' out, yours is talkin'
Rock so steadily, son, I'm still crazy
Sport my old Force MD furs from the 80's
Nat Turners wit burners, Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Taught y'all niggas how to rap, reimburse me
Rothsdale's, ruby red sales, Bloomingdale's, blocks
Ox tails chopped up in Caribbean spots
I'm nice, maxed out, creepin' wit the ax out
Murder these bikini bitches, switchin with their backs out

[Verse 7: U-God]
Niggas wanna pop shit, I pop clips
Bitch, I'll put my dick on ya lips
Alabama split, hammer slay quick
That David Banner gamma ray shit
Shells in the mouth, jailhouse snitch
My powder voice, Snow White sniff
Verbal killas, gorilla grip
God body shit, puff Marley spliffs

[Verse 8: Cappadonna]
You might see me in a 6, that's not my style
You might see me wit a bitch, that's not my child
I be in the benzo, keep a low profile
Dead serious, take flicks and don't smile
Tryna get money, y'all cats is wild
I pose for the clothes, make a song like wild
I'm a chip off the board game, got sword game
Live life to the fullest, still want more fame
Darts on layaway, beats on standby
Outfits pressed up, ready for airtime

[Verse 9: GZA]
Run on the track like Jesse Owens
Broke the record flowing without any knowing
That my wordplay run the 400 meter relay
It's on once I grab the baton from the DJ
A athlete wit his iron cleat in the ground
Wireless nigga who sprint off the gun sound
The best time yet still 7.0
Swift flow made the cameramen clothes blow



[Intro]
Caller: "So whassup, man?"
DJ: "Coolin', man."
C: "Chillin' chilin'? Yo, you know I had to call, you why right?"
DJ: "Why?"
C: "Because, yo, I never ever call and ask you to play somethin', right?"
DJ: "Yeah."
C: "You know what I wanna hear, right?"
DJ: "Whatchu wanna hear?"
C: "I wanna hear that Wu-Tang joint."
DJ: "Wu-Tang again?"
C: "Ah, yeah, again and again."

[Verse 1: Inspectah Deck]
I smoke on the mic like "Smokin' Joe" Frazier
The hell-raiser, raisin' hell with the flavor
Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan
Swingin' through your town like your neighborhood Spider-Man
So uhh, tick tock and keep tickin'
While I get you flippin' off the shit that I'm kickin'
The Lone Ranger, code red: Danger
Deep in the dark with the art to rip the charts apart
The vandal too hot to handle
You battle, you're sayin' goodbye like Tevin Campbell
Roughneck, Inspectah Deck's on the set
The Rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal

[Verse 2: Raekwon]
The way I make the crowd go wild
Sit back, relax, won't smile
Rae got it goin' on, pal
Call me the rap assassinator
Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger
And I'ma get mad deep like a threat
Blow up your project, then take all your assets
'Cause I came to shake the frame in half
With the thoughts that bomb shit like math
So if you wanna try to flip, go flip on the next man
'Cause I grab the clip and
Hit you with 16 shots and more, I got
Goin' to war with the meltin' pot, akh

[Verse 3: Method Man]
It's the Method Man, for short Mr. Mef
Movin' on your left, UH!
And set it off, get it off, let it off like a gat
I wanna break, fool, cock me back
Small change, they puttin' shame in the game
I take aim and blow the nigga out the frame
And like Fame my style will live forever
Niggas crossin' over, but they don't know no better
But I do, true, can I get a "Suuu"?
Nuff respect due to the 1-6-oooh
I mean ohhh, yo, check out the flow
Like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin'
Niggas off, because I'm hot like sauce
The smoke from the lyrical blunt make me *cough*

[Interlude: U-God]
Ooh, what, grab my nut, get screwed
Oww, here comes my Shaolin style
True B-A-ba-B-Y-U
To my crew with a "Suuuuuuu"

[Ol Dirty Bastard]
C'mon, baby baby, c'mon, baby baby
C'mon, baby baby, c'mon

[RZA]
Yo, you best protect ya neck

[Verse 4: Ol Dirty Bastard]
First things first, man, you're fuckin' with the worst
I'll be stickin' pins in your head like a fuckin' nurse
I'll attack any nigga who slack in his mack
Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zu
And I'll be damned if I let any man
Come to my center, you enter the winter
Straight up and down, that shit is packed jam
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him, man
The Ol' Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinkin'
Ason Unique rollin' with the night of the creeps
Niggas be rollin' with a stash, ain't sayin' cash
Bite my style, I'll bite your motherfuckin' ass

[Verse 5: Ghostface Killah]
For cryin' out loud, my style is wild, so book me
Not long is how long that this rhyme took me
Ejectin' styles from my lethal weapon
My pen that rocks from here to Oregon
There's more again, catch it like a psycho flashback
I love gats; if Rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back
I come with shit in all types of shapes and sounds
And where I lounge is my stompin' grounds
I give an order to my peeps across the water
To go and snatch up props all around the border
And get far like a shootin' star
'Cause who I are is livin' the life of Pablo Escobar
Point-blank as I kick the square biz
There it is, you're fuckin' with pros, and there it goes

[Verse 6: RZA]
Yo, chill with the feedback, black, we don't need that
It's 10 o'clock, ho, where the fuck's your seed at?
Feelin' mad hostile, wearin' Aéropostale
Flowin' like Christ when I speaks the gospel
Stroll with the holy robe, then attack the globe
With the buck-us style, the ruckus
Ten times ten men committin' mad sin
Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fuckin' chin
Slayin' boom-bangs like African drums
(He'll be) comin' around the mountain when I come
Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment
My clan increase like black unemployment
Yeah, another one dare
Ju-Jugger-Genius, take us the fuck outta here

[Verse 7: GZA]
The Wu is too slammin' for these Cold Killin' labels
Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel
Be doin' artists in like Cain did Abel
Now they money's gettin' stuck to the gum under the table
That's what you get when you misuse what I invent
Your empire falls and you lose every cent
For tryna blow up a scrub
Now that thought was just as bright as a 20-watt light bulb
Should've pumped it when I rocked it
Niggas so stingy they got short arms and deep pockets
This goes on in some companies
With majors, they're scared to death to pump these
First of all, who's your A&R?
A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar?
But he don't know the meanin' of dope
When he's lookin' for a suit-and-tie rap
That's cleaner than a bar of soap
And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight
Matter of fact, bring out the girls, and let's have a mud fight!

[Outro: RZA]
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck



[Intro]
Faaaaaaaa—
Perfect
Faaaaaaaa—
Faaaaaaaa—
Faaaaaaaa—

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I told, I told, ayy-ayy, I told you
Up in the mornin', miss you bad
Sorry I ain't call you back, same problem my father had
All this time, all he had, all he had
And what he dreamed, all his cash
Market crashed, hurt him bad
People get divorced for that
Dropped some stacks, pops is good
Mama passed in Hollywood
If you ask, lost my soul
Drivin' fast, lost control
Off the road, jaw was broke
'Member we all was broke
'Member I'm comin' back
I'll be takin' all the stacks, oh

[Verse 2: Desiigner & Kanye West]
I got broads in Atlanta
Twistin' dope, lean, and the Fanta
Stacks, oh
Credit cards and the scammers
Hittin' off licks in the bando
Takin' all the stacks, oh
Black X6, Phantom
White X6 looks like a panda
Stacks, oh
Going out like I'm Montana
Hundred killers, hundred hammers
Black X6, Phantom
White X6, panda
Pockets swole, Danny
Sellin' bar, candy
Man I'm the macho like Randy
The choppa go Oscar for Grammy
Bitch nigga, pull up ya panty
Hope you killas understand me

[Chorus: Kanye West & Desiigner]
I just wanna feel liberated, I, I, I (hey)
I just wanna feel liberated, I, I, I (Panda)
Panda, panda, panda, panda
Takin' all the stacks, oh
Panda, panda, panda
Stacks, oh
Takin' all the stacks, oh

[Verse 3: Desiigner & Kanye West]
I got broads in Atlanta
Twist the dope, lean and shit, sippin' Fanta
Stacks, oh
Credit cards and the scammers
Wake up Versace, shit life Desiigner
Takin' all the stacks, oh
Whole bunch of lavish shit
They be askin' 'round town who be clappin' shit
I be pullin' up stuff in the Phantom ship
I got plenty of stuff of Bugatti, whip look how I try this shit
Black X6, Phantom
White X6, killin' on camera

[Bridge: Caroline Shaw]
How can I find you?
Who do you turn to?
How do I bind you?

[Outro: Pastor T. L. Barrett]
If I don't turn to you
No other help I know, I stretch my hands



We played Dallas
All the freaks hit the dance floor about nowish
I'm on couches
Getting compliments from strangers holding a bowl of fruit salad
But I'm standoffish
With a million dollar grin like I ran for office
And you got tan blotches
On your shaft looking like monster mash
Yeah you got Gandalf's dick
My game gets night vigils
On a kill streak I make two freaks suck like I sell icicles
When I tell you bite the nipple
With my speaking voice the seat gets moist and the cellulite wiggles
It looks like whales bathing
I get the clit excited and I get cited for tailgating
Make that booty drop
Girls in Montana I got them on camera like a movie prop
Girl that booty crazy

[Hook]
Shake it
Ooh ooh Its so squishy
Ooh ooh Its so squishy
Ooh ooh Its so squishy
Ooh ooh Its so squishy
Can I touch it, should I touch it
Ooh ooh Its so squishy
Ooh ooh Its so squishy
You want me to touch it
You do what you do best I do my best to get you undressed
You think I...
You do what you do best I do my best to get you undressed
You think I...
You do what you do best I do my best to get you undressed
You think I won't?

Watch out for the big girl (alright then!)
When her bottom lip curls (alright then!)
Suffering from a licked pearl (alright then!)
She's a squirter I'm pulled further underneath the rip curl
I'm in a different city I don't really know nobody
But I met this chick and now I'm feeling on her lower body
Exaggerated booty make a nigga fill a tip jar
Looking like it was produced by Pixar
African booty with a medicine man and a rain forest
Looking like the back of race horses
If your diet's primarily carbohydrates you can be my date
I'll give you several main courses

[Busdriver puts on a voice and talks]
For sure
The fuck is this man?
Come on, we didn't come here for all this booty talk
The fuck man, want to hear you kick some conscious shit
It's an election year

Obama kills a hundred people via cellular phone
Simply by summoning all the predator drones
To vaporize an inactive base camp
World stage faceplant
The liberal commentator comes with a vague rant
That couldn't give a policy maker a leg cramp
But is called a gay tramp by the Texan lethal injection state champ

I make them thighs melt
When I keep pushing on the seat cushion I field those cries for help
This is what you can't do yourself
And she's so loyal all post-coital making me a tuna melt
Because I'm on one

[Repeat of Hook]



[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Jay-Z]
This is a public service announcement
Sponsored by Just Blaze and the good folks at Roc-A-Fella Records

[Just Blaze]
Fellow Americans, it is with the utmost pride and sincerity that I present this recording as a living testament and recollection of history in the making during our generation

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Allow me to re-introduce myself
My name is Hov, OH, H-to-the-O-V
I used to move snowflakes by the O-Z
I guess even back then you can call me
CEO of the R-O-C, Hov!
Fresh out the fryin' pan into the fire
I be the music biz number one supplier
Flyer than a piece of paper bearin' my name
Got the hottest chick in the game wearin' my chain, that's right
Hov, OH—not D.O.C
But similar to them letters, "No One Can Do it Better"
I check cheddar like a food inspector
My homey Strict told me, "Dude finish your breakfast"
So that's what I'ma do, take you back to the dude
With the Lexus, fast-forward the jewels and the necklace
Let me tell you dudes what I do to protect this
I shoot at you actors like movie directors (*laughing*)
This ain't a movie, dog (oh shit)

[Interlude: Just Blaze]
Now before I finish, let me just say I did not come here to show out, did not come here to impress you. Because to tell you the truth when I leave here I'm GONE!
And I don't care WHAT you think about me—but just remember, when it hits the fan, brother, whether it's next year, ten years, twenty years from now, you'll never be able to say that these brothers lied to you JACK!

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Thing ain't lie
I done came through the block in everything that's fly
I'm like Che Guevara with bling on, I'm complex
I never claimed to have wings on
Nigga, I get my "by any means" on whenever there's a drought
Get your umbrellas out because that's when I brainstorm
You can blame Shawn, but I ain't invent the game
I just rolled the dice, trying to get some change
And I'd do it twice, ain't no sense in me
Lying as if I am a different man
And I could blame my environment but
There ain't no reason why I be buying expensive chains
Hope you don't think users are the only abusers
Niggas getting high within the game
If you do then, how would you explain?
I'm ten years removed, still the vibe is in my veins
I got a hustler spirit, nigga, period
Check out my hat yo, peep the way I wear it
Check out my swag' yo, I walk like a ballplayer
No matter where you go, you are what you are player
And you can try to change but that's just the top layer
Man, you was who you was 'fore you got here
Only God can judge me, so I'm gone
Either love me, or leave me alone

Now, back to our regularly scheduled program, L'Album Noir: The Black Album



[Instrumental]

[Interlude: Tyler the Creator & Random Girl]
Gap tooth T on the keys
[moan]

[Outro & Sample: Shane Powers]
That was new music from the soundtrack of the upcoming film [honk]
Be caller eight to win tickets to the triple feature the Moon Theatres tonight
Three back to back to back movies at the Moon Theatres tonight
Be the eighth caller, only on Golf Radio
G-G-O-L-F
G-O-L-F
It's Golf Radio



[Intro: Kevin Abstract]
Ayy bruh, (You can turn it up a little bit)
Ayy bruh, calm your ass down boy (this that down South)
You know what I'm talkin' about?

[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
This that down South nigga music
This that Whitney Houston, museum, movin' music
That them niggas ain't used to
I rock hard that I can't it's [?]
I just look it ever since I heard you play in Coachella
I took a stack, made a rap and I ain't never look back
It made me sad when my parents wanna come to the shows
'Cause I diss 'em in my songs and they know every word
All my niggas get along but their egos' berserk
'Cause we finally getting money and the girls wanna twerk
And I love doin' Perc', I had to buy me a fur
I gotta pray for my nephew now his classmates scared
Oh, your uncle a rapper? Is he Lil Uzi Vert?
Nah, my uncle is gay and they think he a gimmick
How the fuck I'm a gimmick if I'm up at the clinic
Gettin' tested 'cause I take dick so motherfuckin' often
Bitches better calm me down before I motherfuckin' toss 'em
Ayy, nigga

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Dom McLennon]
Hurtin' myself, Hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I light the spliff and I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself
Hurtin' myself, Hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I light the spliff and I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
Keep it upside down, keep you up, I come around
They stay right up on my tip, hopin' it's a fishscale
Human, I see through your eyes until my CCC and see blood in my skin
They can see they move my feet like DDR
Hangin' out the car, dreamin' of the tour
They grip three types of the gas, miss the days I can't get back
On the dollar [?] the way they really see me Christina I move like genie
[?] feelings I steam it
Hop in the four and I’m Speedin', bleedin', she gaggin out the backseat
Ayy, get it nasty
Killa motion bone deep
Like C4, bitch I'm coastin'

[Verse 3: Ameer Vann]
Swimin' in money, I know that they love me
They pay me in hundreds or pay me in gold
Hurtin' myself, hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I feel alone, I sold a piece of my soul
I don't feel love anymore
Where did it go?
I got a heart and then filled it with holes
Dipped it with glitter and gold
I wanna die, but it's some shit I should buy
Feelin' so empty inside
The more that I get, the less I can feel
The more that I smoke, the more I forget
I hit the road, my bitch in my whip
That's all

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Hurtin' myself, Hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I light the spliff and I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself
Hurtin' myself, Hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I light the spliff and I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself

[Verse 4: Dom McLennon]
Alright, yeah, woo!
Now nigga, what's the word?
I got a thousand dollar one-way train to Luxembourg
I'm drinkin' whiskey with no ice, I feel my stomach burn
I made a life I want, I know that make your stomach turn
Respect the story, toys I’m aiming, how are you submerged?
I'm drownin' daily in my sickness all my dreams absurd
I'm not an alcoholic [?] wanna know who concerned



[Verse 1: Merlyn Wood]
I threw up all that liquor
I was 'sposed to hold it (hold it!)
When I go out to party I get paranoia (lonely!)
I'ma island out in Bali, you supposed to hold me (hold me!)
Duckin' when I'm at the store, 'cause he might put me on bruh
Damn I missed the days when I didn't have a lawyer
Damn I missed the days when I didn't have cable
Damn I missed the days when I didn't have paper
When the nigga I was buggin' wasn't hitting me for favor

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
Fifty off the top, the double ceilings on your backside
Switchin' out positions in your car like all the quick guys
Sneaking undercover, hopping fences in your backyard
I was on the floor, sun bathing just like a wet towel
I wish I could scoop you out the pool
Remember the first time I pulled a move?
Well damn, I guess I'm off it
'Cause the check for me not office
My brother been bossin' up like steroids was in his coffee
We all be going through it
We're crazy ex-lovers
They’re making me block my number
But damn you know I gotcha
Alright

[Interlude]
What was wrong with the world?
(everybody's talking about the good 'ol days)

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Hey y'all, hey y'all
I really wanna see ya, I want love
I got it on my way now to your house
To show you how it's safe now
But you got love for me though
Hey y'all, hey y'all
I really wanna see ya, I want love
I got it on my way now to your house
To show you how it's safe now
But you got love for me though



[Intro: XXXTENTACION]
Hey pipe up bitch, go by the name XXX
Members only, very rare in this bitch
Hey tell that pussy nigga Spaceghostpurrp to pull up
[?] pussy ass bitch, pussy ass nigga
Fuck wrong with you boy?

[Verse 1: Denzel Curry]
Bitch I'm hard as fuck
And I'm about to pop yo cherry bitch
Getting niggas to fight your battles
Cause we know you scary bitch
Claim you from the hood
Boy you stayed in Ives dairy bitch
Naw this ain't no beef this that
Eazy and Jerry Heller shit
Hope you die from AIDS fuck with me
With all this whack shit
Now I'm bout to show you who's the real
God of black bitch
Blackland radio burnt to a fucking crisp
2016 you a bitch suck a nigga dick
Fuck the police but I'm fed up
ULT up in this thang get yo
Head bust
You Know where I stay never
Pulled up
Try to diss me you a fucking
Fool bruh
Nigga I'm a Gook
Dumb as fuck I even battled you
Flow so ass
Shit's embarrassed to come out of you
Nigga I'll fade you naruto
Come for your head like I'm ultimate
Kabuto
Mmm
Boy you get jump like Geronimo
Sending me shots like you part of the Alamo
Mmm
Bruh
You are not making no sense
Mmm
DASH beat yo ass like a bitch
Mmm
Bari beat you like a bitch
So I guess you got the hits
I am immaculate bitch
Truly I'm really the activist bitch
Brought you back so I could kill you again
This is the ending before you begin
Told you don't fuck with the Ultimate
I got the key now I'm giving you hell nigga
Definition of a fail nigga
Go ahead and paint your nails nigga
Free Slikk and Free Nell Nigga
D E N Z E L Nigga
Everyone know you a punk nigga
Yo own family don't fuck with cha
How the fuck am I a Stan nigga
First artist in Klan nigga
Brought you Nell and Simmie
Didn't get penny
I looked at you as my fam nigga

[Verse 2: Denzel Curry]
Murk a nigga back to back
And I'll smack the tats off this pussy nigga
Forehead
Motherfucka you ass and wack boy who laughing at
You better talk to your old head
You fled back to Miami
When Nast caught a charge
You a fraud swear to God
Claim you a man but you act like broad
Everything you saying is a facade
Spaceghostpussy
Blackland really belongs to me
You came to my house begging trying to make a song with me
All I spit is facts
All your rhymes are fucking nursery
This is what a pussy nigga get for dissing
Purposely
Shouts out to Taylissa
Cause I know you really love her
Why the fuck you here your daddy should of
Wore a rubber
You blowing up her Twitter cause you thought Mark was going fuck her
SGP and the S stand for a sucka

[Outro: Denzel Curry & XXXTENTACION]
A sucka hoe, you a sucka hoe
You a low down pretty mother fucka hoe
You a pussy hoe, HoeGhostPurrp
Yeah, you gettin merked
Bitch, yeah, I smoke purp, hoe

Hey man, I'm a street nigga shit man
I'm not Denzel, Denzel too humble for you dawg
So, pussy nigga you can come for me
I'll come for you too, tweet that address
Send that address, pussy nigga we'll pull up
On gang



[Part I: Pusha Man (produced by CeeJ)]

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
Ten damn days
And all I got to show for it is shoes and shows
And chauffeurs with road rage
Still the same damn ad-lib: IGH!, old ways
Still got a letterman, no practice
Still got a burner, man, no lacking
Still outtin' Jams nigga, no Jackson
No Jordan and we toe-tagging
I'll take you to the land where the lake made of sand
And the milk don't pour and the honey don't dance
And the money ain't yours
Now it's just a red pill
Got a blue and a handful of Advils
I'm the new Nitty, fuck it, Nitty the old me
So I'mma tell the buyer what Nitty told me

[Chorus: Nate Fox]
I got that mmm, mmm, I got that God damn
I'm your pusha man, I'm your, I'm your pusha man
Pimp slappin', toe taggin', I'm just tryna fight the man
I'm your pusha man, I'm your, I'm your pusha man
I got that mmm, mmm, I got that God damn
I'm your pusha man, I'm your, I'm your pusha man
Pimp slappin', toe taggin', I'm just tryna fight the man
I'm your pusha man, I'm your, I'm your pusha man

[Verse 2: Chance The Rapper]
You a laaaaaaaame
And your bitch break down my weed sometimes
See my face in the streets, in the tweets
And a Reader or a RedEye if you read Sun-Times
She got blisters on her knees, she's a fiend for the D
Even though I only beat one time
One time, it was one two times
It was two plus me equals threesome time
Shouts out to Nate, I jackball and I bop, I flex
Got neck from all these thots I sex
Rastafari them shottas, yes
House safari, mi casa, yes
Poppy fields of that popeye
She came to party, she popped a Molly
Said, "Come to Papa", she said, "Papa, yes"

[Chorus: Nate Fox]
I got that mmm, mmm, I got that God damn
I'm your pusha man, I'm your, I'm your pusha man
Pimp slappin', toe taggin', I'm just tryna fight the man
I'm your pusha man, I'm your, I'm your pusha man
I got that mmm, mmm, I got that God damn
I'm your pusha man, I'm your, I'm your pusha man
Pimp slappin', toe taggin', I'm just tryna fight the man
I'm your pusha man, I'm your, I'm your pusha man

[Part II: Paranoia (produced by Nosaj Thing)]

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
I've been riding around with my blunt on my lips
With the sun in my eyes and my gun on my hip
Paranoia on my mind, got my mind on the fritz
But a lot of niggas dyin', so my 9 with the shits
I've been riding around with my blunt on my lips
With the sun in my eyes and my gun on my hip
Paranoia on my mind, got my mind on the fritz
But a lot of niggas dyin', so my 9 with the shits

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
Move to the neighborhood; I bet they don't stay for good, watch
Somebody'll steal daddy's Rollie, call it the neighborhood watch
Pray for a safer hood when my paper good, watch
Captain Save-a-Hood, hood savior, baby boy
Still getting ID'd for Swishers (Mama still wash my clothes)
Still with the Save Money militia (I'mma still watch my bros)
Trapped in the middle of the map
With a little-bitty rock and a little bit of rap
That, with a literary knack
And a little shitty Mac, and like literally jack

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
I've been riding around with my blunt on my lips
With the sun in my eyes and my gun on my hip
Paranoia on my mind, got my mind on the fritz
But a lot of niggas dyin', so my 9 with the shits
I've been riding around with my blunt on my lips
With the sun in my eyes and my gun on my hip
Paranoia on my mind, got my mind on the fritz
But a lot of niggas dyin', so my 9 with the shits

[Verse 2: Chance The Rapper]
They murking kids, they murder kids here
Why you think they don't talk about it? They deserted us here
Where the fuck is Matt Lauer at?
Somebody get Katie Couric in here
Probably scared of all the refugees
Look like we had a fuckin' hurricane here
They'll be shooting whether it's dark or not
I mean, the days is pretty dark a lot
Down here, it's easier to find a gun
Than it is to find a fucking parking spot
No love for the opposition, specifically a cop position
'Cause they've never been in our position
Getting violations from the nation, correlating, you dry snitchin'

[Chorus: Chance The Rapper]
I've been riding around with my blunt on my lips
With the sun in my eyes and my gun on my hip
Paranoia on my mind, got my mind on the fritz
But a lot of niggas dyin', so my 9 with the shits

[Breakdown: Chance The Rapper]
I know you scared
You should ask us if we scared too
I know you scared
Me too
I know you scared
You should ask us if we scared too
If you was there
Then we'd just knew you cared too

[Verse 3: Chance The Rapper]
It just got warm out, this the shit I've been warned 'bout
I hope that it storm in the mornin', I hope that it's pourin' out
I hate crowded beaches, I hate the sound of fireworks
And I ponder what's worse
Between knowing it's over and dyin' first
'Cause everybody dies in the summer
Wanna say your goodbyes, tell them while it's spring
I heard everybody's dying in the summer
So pray to God for a little more spring

[Breakdown: Chance The Rapper]
I know you scared
You should ask us if we scared too
If you was there
Then we'd just knew you cared too



[Intro]
Fuck it kid, whattup Queens in this motherfucker
(Tell you I'm bangin tonight kid)
(Yo Shorty got a FATTIE right there)
Queensbridge in the house, aiyyo wordup
Aiyyo Ty yo Ty c'mere Son
(Whattup Boo? Can I buy you a drink or something Boo?)
Whattup whattup?
Where Twins and them at yo?
(The fattie's bangin!)
I don't know (damn!)
I think Twins laid up
Aiyyo Son gimme two Hennessee
Son I want two Henessee's yo!
Straight yo, word up man!
*chaos*
Aiyyo what up with them Queens niggas man!
Hey, fuck you!
What? What the fuck, what?
Think they killers or somethin man
Ay fuck you money, whattup kid
*more chaos*

[Verse 1: Prodigy]
I open my eyes to the streets where I was raised as a man
And learned to use my hands for protection
In scuffles, throw all my blows in doubles
I'm coming from Queens motherfucker carrying guns in couples
And wilding, a Q-U soldier
From Lefrak to Rockaway back to Queensbridge
Black it's only crack sales makin niggas act like that
Back in the days we could scrap, now you lay on your back
As things changed with time I traded in my knuckles for a Mac-10
And rather live the life of crime
With my Bed-Stuy connection connected in two
It's liable to start shit too wild for you
Peace to, Baisley, Forty-P get down
And when you outta town represent your ground
Them niggas bleed just like us so show em where we come from
Queens; leavin niggas done son
The Mobb gets hectic

[Hook]
Shit is for real up in Queens we get hectic
Shit is for real we abouts to get hectic
Shit is for real we abouts to get hectic
Shit is for real we abouts to get hectic

[Verse 2: Havoc + Prodigy]
As we sling on the corners like we always do
Son get that loot quick, spending dough like I never had shit
I'm living large pushin luxury cars
Though that shit is outta reach, anybody in my way gets scarred
Permanently bed-ridden
And if you're pussy, then motherfucker get in where you fit in
As I walk around the streets
Son I got mad beef, I'mma blast you before you blast me
That's my philosophy cause nowadays you gotta be relentless
Grab my Mac and slap a nigga senseless
Don't try to play me if you do you better D.O.A. me
Son I got em shook grab a little baby for shields
You got drama run for shelter for real
Pour some beer for the ill ain't no time to chill
Hit 'em up, 'cause I'm quick to erupt like this
Wet 'em up with the MAC scratch em off my list
Show 'em, the real meaning of drama you never had it
'Til you bumped heads with the Havoc
Ain't nuttin' soft or sweet, I lift you off your feet
When I cock back the heat, whole crews retreat
Ain't nothing soft or sweet, I lift you off your feet
When I cock back the heat whole crews retreat

[Hook]
We gets hectic
Shit is for real, we abouts to get hectic
Shit is for real, we abouts to get hectic

[Verse 3: Prodigy]
Everything is real inside my mind; these days
You can't make it if you ain't affiliated with crime
A lifetime of street living
Throughout the beef I've accumulated many slugs have been given
But wilding ain't the way to be living
You're only gonna end up bloody on a floor shivering
Or locked up, caught inside the beast
Meanwhile on the street saying no more peace
My man, Sto-Bo, kid hold your own
In a cell locked down not far from home
And at the same time on the outside I'm representing
Still packin heat make you cowards keep stepping
Getting high, it's cause of the lye, I can't lie
I could move the crowd poppin slugs in the sky
Why come around if you afraid of what's over here
My man Havoc put the bug in my ear

[Havoc]
On the real, for real, but wait it gets realer
Real like an innocent child that turn killer
It's thing like that that only makes things iller
And makin cream doin sticks if you ain't a drug dealer

[Prodigy]
(It's) only facts coming out of my mouth piece
As far as I can see these streets is getting sour
Q, U, too much drama to get into
And niggas regret when they begin to
Regardless of your name or what you been through
Pause for a second, open your eyes and think, duke
Life ain't the game that it seems to be
Fuck a fantasy I'm living in reality
Caught up in this untouchable mentality
Hit you up bad, make you loose a few calories
I need to slow down, movin through life at a high speed
Watchin all the slow runners pass by me
I can see through you, due to, my Queens education
Speaking in behalf of this drug-game nation
The Foundation, the Queens nation

Up in Queens, shit is for real we abouts to get hectic
Word up
Shaolin, shit is for real we abouts to get hectic
Word up kid
The B.K., the shit is for real we abouts to get hectic
KnowhatI'msayin? (No doubt!)
And Manhattan, shit is for real we abouts to get hectic
Up in the Bronx we abouts to get hectic
Word up, knowhatI'msayin? The whole world kid
Shit is over dead, Mobb Deep say party UHH
KnowhatI'msayin? Party UHH



[Verse 1]
I see the deepest greens
I hear the darkest blues
Might not be synesthesia
Might be apartment fumes
G-g-get up and dance
G-g-get up and dance
I w-w-wipe my son's ass
And get shit on my hands
He'd get in my car and be like
"Daddy play some Busdriver"
Why the fuck's it take two lines to do a one liner
And why's it take three beats to do a two-step
Sick days, I got two left
So I take five, Dave Brubeck
I make jazz jokes so I'm flat broke
Mad at Lost and that black smoke
Fuck you if you're a white man that assumes I speak for black folks
Fuck you if you're a white man who thinks I can't speak for black folk
Let that soak in your rap quotes
And your head hurt, and your back broke
I'm half black soap and half crack smoke
I admit that it's an imperfect blend
Hold up it's my turn again
I'm playing thirteen games of Words With Friends
Lift your hands
Lift your head if your clothes are clean and your kids are fed
Mine's potty trained, so when he pisses the bed
Then he can tell I'm heated like infrared, yeah

[Hook]
We're the best, mostly
Sometimes the freshest rhymers
We the tightest kinda
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers
We're the best, mostly
Sometimes the freshest rhymers
We the tightest kinda
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers

[Verse 2]
They say they're looking for me, but I don't wanna hear it
You can find me in the park district, volunteering
With my hair disheveled, and my sneakers scuffed
Or use your gps and get your celly features up
I went to Africa, they played me on the radio
And did I weird the people out, yeah, maybe so
Cause all they knew was jive
And all I do is vibe
And 'Bright Green Light' made the program director lose his mind
He said "What type of rap is that? Ain't no bitches, hoes"
And I ain't even being funny, homie didn't know
Shoulda said it's whimsical
Like Serengeti taught me
My thoughts are very lofty
Response time is very faulty
I'm far too young to lead
And way too old to die
I ain't played Call of Dookie, smoke you in Golden Eye
RPG, roll the die
JPG Kobe Tai
PG 13 Cobra Kai
PPG Luc Robitaille

[Hook]
We're the best, mostly
Sometimes the freshest rhymers
We the tightest kinda
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers
We're the best, mostly
Sometimes the freshest rhymers
We the tightest kinda
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers
Respect my qualifiers

[Outro]
I didn't write the words you hear me singing
I didn't sing a line before this one
And you are not the one I was addressing
That person took a train to Africa
And simultaneous events don't happen
We are isolated temporally
And the part is never called the whole thing
Though it bothers us to know it so



[Chorus: Syd & Tyler, The Creator]
There's somethin' 'bout the way you pick your (cherry bomb) cherries, cherries
You blow me away
With your cherries
Make me feel like 4th of July
Cherries
You light my fireworks
There's somethin' 'bout the way you pick your (cherry bomb) cherries
You blow me away

[Bridge: Syd]
La, la-la, la-la, la-la
La, la-la, la-la, la-la

[Chorus: Syd & Tyler, The Creator]
There's somethin' 'bout the way you pick your (cherry bomb) cherries, cherries
You blow me away
With your cherries
Make me feel like 4th of July
Cherries
You light my fireworks
There's somethin' 'bout the way you pick your (cherry bomb) cherries
You blow me away

[Bridge: Syd]
La, la-la, la-la, la-la
La, la-la, la-la, la-la
La, la-la



[Rain and thunder in the background]

[Intro: Prodigy & Lil' Kim]
In broad daylight get right..
Just been through it all man
Blood, sweat, and tears
Niggas is dead and shit
What the fuck else can happen yo?
I don't think much more son, word to mother yo
We done seen it all, and been through it all yo
Let y'all niggas know right now
Word to mother for real, for real
Queen Bee baby, that shit is the truth
Lil' Kim, B.I.G

[Verse 1: Havoc]
Yo, blowin' niggas with rusty-ass German things
Keepin' it thorough is our motherfuckin' claim to fame
Throw on your wetsuit, when it rains it pours and all
Hit 'em with the four
Don't even know him from a hole in the wall
Get at me, niggas wanna clap me
Snitches wanna rat me? Put it right where they back be
Keep my Dunns close to me, enemies even closer
Sendin' kites with the Motorolas, yo
Give 'em the cold shoulder with a hollow-tip to match
Bad apple outta the batch, obsessed with gats
Since a little dude, eating niggas food buck-fifty's
Niggas can kill me but they comin' wit me
How about that, send the Queen Bee to attack
Only a fly bitch like that can leave em relaxed
Rock 'em to sleep, make 'em think the drama is dead
Yo, I smile up in your face though I'm plottin' instead (uhh, uhh)

[Chorus: Lil' Kim]
Yo, it's the real shit
Shit to make you feel shit
Thump 'em in the club shit
Have you wilding out (hip-hop, hip-hop...) when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD 'cause it's never enough

Yo, it's the real shit
Shit to make you feel shit
Thump 'em in the club shit
Have you wilding out (hip-hop, hip-hop...) when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD 'cause it's never enough

[Verse 2: Lil' Kim]
Hot damn ho, here we go again
Light as a rock, bitch, hard as a cock, bitch
This shit knock for blocks through hardtops
In the parking lots
Where my nigga Roc like to spark-a-lot
My Brooklyn style speak for itself
Like a wrestler, another notch under my belt
The embezzler, chrome treasurer
The U-N-O competitor
I'm ten steps ahead of ya
I'm a leader, y'all on some followin' shit
Comin' in this game on some modeling shit
Bitches suck cock just to get to the top
I put a hundred percent in every line I drop
It's the Q to the B, with the M-O, B-B
Queensbridge Brooklyn and we D-double-E-P, what
Y'all wish I lived the life I live
Ayo Prodigy, tell 'em what this is Dunn, uhh, uhh

[Chorus: Lil' Kim]
Yo, it's the real shit
Shit to make you feel shit
Thump 'em in the club shit
Have you wilding out (hip-hop, hip-hop...) when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD 'cause it's never enough

Yo, it's the real shit
Shit to make you feel shit
Thump 'em in the club shit
Have you wilding out (hip-hop, hip-hop...) when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD 'cause it's never enough

[Verse 3: Prodigy]
Yo, I could never get enough of it, yo that's my shit
I need that shit, to boost my adrenaline
Yo, rock that shit
That real life shit
Makes bitches wanna thug it
Makes the projects love it
We come through like, fuck it
Y'all want problems, pursue it, let's do it
Infamous Mobb bosses, check out the portrait
At the round table, my Dunn speaking with his Twin ghost
It's gangster how we rock, while you watch
Attracted to our style, this is how we get down
With big jewelry and big guns
We get busy, it get grizzly, beat niggas bloody
Twist niggas fronting, get to running
Fore the mens get to dumping, the fans get to thumping
M-O-B-B got the whole spot jumping
When my niggas step in the place
Damn, you gotta love it

[Chorus: Lil' Kim]
Yo, it's the real shit
Shit to make you feel shit
Thump 'em in the club shit
Have you wilding out (hip-hop, hip-hop...) when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD 'cause it's never enough

Yo, it's the real shit
Shit to make you feel shit
Thump 'em in the club shit
Have you wilding out (hip-hop, hip-hop...) when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD 'cause it's never enough

[Outro: Lil' Kim]
It's the real
Hah, it's the real baby
Hip-hop hip-hop hip-hop..



[Intro: Prodigy]
Done been through it all, man
Blood, sweat and tears, niggas is dead and shit
What the fuck else can happen, yo?
I don't think much more, son, word to mother, yo
We done seen it all, and been through it all, yo
Let y'all niggas know right now
Word to mother, for real, for real
That shit is the truth, I'm not lyin'

[Verse 1: Prodigy]
I put my lifetime in between the paper's lines
I'm the quiet storm nigga who fight rhyme
P, yeah, you heard of him, but I ain't concerned with them
Nigga, I pop more guns than you holdin' them
Make my route while the sun's out and scold your men
Unload ten in broad daylight, get right
Fuck your life! Hop on my '98 dirt bike
You try to stop mines from growin'
I'll make your blood stop flowin'
Take affirmative action, to any ass if he askin'
Now here come the MAC-10
You's a dick blower, tryin' to speak the Dunn language
What the drilly with that though? It ain't bangin'
You hooked on Mobb-phonics, Infamous-bonics
Lyin' to the Pop Dog like you got it
You ain't no wildin' out for the Knife-Fist thrower
Rusty shank holder, we live this shit

[Chorus: Havoc]
‘Cause it's the real shit, shit to make 'em feel shit
Lump 'em in the club shit
Have you wildin' out when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD, ‘cause it's never enough
‘Cause it's the real shit, shit to make 'em feel shit
Lump 'em in the club shit
Have you wildin' out when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD, ‘cause it's never enough

[Verse 2: Prodigy]
Yo, the P rock forty inch cables, drinkin' white label
My chain hang down to my dick, my piece bang glass tables
Diamonds and guns before the fame, duke
A nigga like me hold TEC's, are you the same too?
Goin' through the emotions of gun holdin'
Long shotgun's down my pants leg, limpin'
Killa B, you still livin', even my pops too
He taught me how to shoot when I was seven
I used to bust shots crazy, I couldn't even look
Because the loud sound used to scare me
I love my pops for that, I love my niggaty Black
I'll take the life of anybody tryin' to change what's left
And through all of that a nigga ain't scared of death
All y'all brand new niggas just scared to death
I spent too many nights sniffin' coke, gettin' right
Wastin' my life, now I'm tryin' to make things right
Grand open some gates, invest in the rag business
Do things for the kids, the little Dunns
Build a jungle gym behind the crib, so they can enjoy youth
CBR's and VCR's, ATV's and big screen TV's
Nigga, please don't make me have to risk my freedom
We worked our whole life for this, you get your shit beat in

[Chorus: Havoc]
‘Cause it's the real shit, shit to make 'em feel shit
Lump 'em in the club shit
Have you wildin' out when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD, ‘cause it's never enough

[Verse 3: Prodigy]
It go one, two, three to the fourth
That nigga P-Double got that shit for y'alls
Peoples to rock to, stirrin' up pots of brew
In hell's kitchen, I chef the impossible
To serve hot plates all across the Unified States
Sit down and sup with the top rap reps
We the streets that's watchin', boy, move diligent
You better walk like a nigga on a tightrope do
Infamous first infantry, first division, fourth mission
First assignment, give 'em that shit they been missin'
My new edition's way bitchin'
Those that listen get addicted to my diction
Fuck rhymes, I write prescriptions for your disease
Generic raps just not potent like P's
One-thousand one-hundred CC's on the throttle
I peel off, chest naked on Katanas
Spaghetti head Mobb niggas is full bred
Fully-blown melanin tone
I rock skeleton bone shirts and verses
But thirst for worse beats
So I can put more product out on the street
Get respect and love all across the board
We've been adored for keepin' it raw
Nothin' less or more, I score every time for sure
While the rest of y'all niggas just nil

[Chorus: Havoc]
‘Cause it's the real shit, shit to make 'em feel shit
Lump 'em in the club shit
Have you wildin' out when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD, ‘cause it's never enough



[Intro]
I've never really had a religious experience, in a religious place. Closest I've ever come to seeing or feeling God is listening to rap music. Rap music is my religion. Amen

[Verse 1]
What I say might save a life, what I speak might save the street
I ain't got no instruments, but I got my hands and feet
Hands gonna clap and feet gonna tap, El-P beats to make that snap
And I ride 'em with my raps and they all tight as my naps
And my naps is all I got and this beautiful ebony skin
And the music in my heart and the words put in the wind
And the words put in the wind comin' back like a boomerang
When I take this microphone, point it at the crowd, they start to sing

[Hook x2]
This is jazz, this is funk, this is soul, this is gospel
This is sanctified sick; this is player Pentecostal
This is church; front pew, amen, pulpit
What my people needin'? The opposite of bullshit
This is jazz, this is funk, this is soul, this is gospel
This is sanctified sick; this is player Pentecostal
This is church; front pew, amen, pulpit
What my people needin'? The opposite of bullshit

[Verse 2]
It's that Robert Johnson, that Muddy Waters
That James Brown, Augusta, Georgia
That Ray Charles, that Stevie Wonder
That Mayfield, that Superfly
That Willie Hutch and that Mack
It's that blues man, that soul man
That OutKast, that Southernplayalisticadillac
It's that Jimi Hendrix, that George Clinton
I feel it in my bones
Aretha Franklin, that Shirley Caesar
Miss Nina Simone
That Sade, that Love is King
That Coltrane, that Love Supreme
That Miles Davis, Bitches Brew
That "beeeyotch" said by Playboy Too

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
I got things to do, before I meet that glory in the sky
And my baby girl b-day six months away, she gonna be five
So I pray to the Lord he spare me, and I make it by and by
And I help souls stay out of Hell with what I testify
And maybe when I grab that microphone and never lie
That'll merit that he spare me, I won't have to feel that fire
So Killa Kill gonna spit that real on each and every song
And each and every poem, until the good lord call me home, gone!

[Hook]



[Intro: Mr. Fantastik & (MF DOOM)]
Yo! (Yo!)
MF DOOM (Mr. Fantastik)
Mr. Fantastik (Villain)
What up, nigga? (Ain't nuttin; what's the word?)
What's cracking, boy? (Same ol' shit, kid)
Man (Different day, you know?)
These rap snitches, man, shit is bugged out, man
What the fuck, man? (Shit, you telling me)
Niggas running their mouth, telling e'rything, e'rything (critical)

[Hook: Mr. Fantastik]
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years

[Verse 1: Mr. Fantastik]
Type profile low, like A in "Paid in Full"
Attract heavy cash cause the game's centrifugal
Mr. Fantastik, long dough like elastic
Guard my life with twin Glocks that's made out of plastic
Can't stand a brown nosing nigga, fake ass bastard
Admiring my style, tour bus through Manhattan
Plotting, plan the quickest, my flow's the sickest
My hoes be the thickest, my dro the stickiest
Street nigga, stamped and bonafide
When beef jump niggas come get me cause they know I ride
True to the ski mask, New York's my origin
Play a fake gangsta like a old accordion
According to him, when the D's rushed in
Complication from the wire testimony was thin
Caused his man to go up north, the ball hit 'em again
Lame rap snitch nigga even told on the Mexican

[Hook: Mr. Fantastik]
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years

[Verse 2: MF DOOM]
True, there's rules to this shit, fools dare care
Everybody wanna rule the world with tears for fear
Yeah, yeah, tell 'em tell it on the mountain hill
Running up they mouth bill, everybody doubting still
Informer, keep it up and get tested
Pop through your bubble vest or double-breasted
He keep a lab down south in the little beast
So much heat you woulda thought it was the Middle East
A little grease always keeps the wheels a-spinning
Like sitting on twenty threes to get the squealers grinning
Hitting on many trees, feel real linen
Spitting on enemies, get the steel for tin men
Where no brains but gum flap
He said his gun clap, then he fled after one slap (pap!)
Son, shut your trap, save it for the bitches
Mmm, delicious, rapp snitch knishes

[Outro: Mr. Fantastik & (MF DOOM)]
You know what I'm saying? (It's terrible)
Crazy, man, I'm just analyzing this whole game
This is bugged out, man, niggas is snitching
Telling on they own self (it's a horror, yo)
Fuck around and get everybody bagged, man
(Atrocities) Fuck around and get yo mama bagged, nigga
You know your grandmama used to be bootlegging
Fake hustling nigga, heheheheh, haha
Perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here...



[Verse 1]
Yeah, I'm in a room 30 mile south of Malibu
Pacing around, tryna make something powerful, yeah
I sit awake, baked on the shower stool
The cookie faced king had to surgically get his crown removed
Get up and go to the john
My only worry is the frequency my vocals is on
And my lady gets her hair cuts at the local salon
And doesn't have to hide from ISIS and Boko Haram
Dang, I feel a strange kinship to every man
Heavy hand, tremble my memories, need a steady cam
My mind's made clothes, and videos that R. Kelly had
Barely had time to think, the world moves very fast
And life is a mystery school, I'm on the airplane learning social delivery cues
Fool, I can drink a whole infinity pool
And make impassioned bar speeches from a rickety stool yeah
Trying to make shit that sounds Grand Budapest
With the same hand that slams his computer desk
And every day I'm bumping Cinnamon Girl
Tryna promote these rap shows when it's the end of the motherfucking world

[Hook]
You used to be one of the rotten ones and I liked you for that
You used to be one of the rotten ones and I liked you for that
You used to be one of the rotten ones and I liked you for that
And now you're all gone, got your makeup on
And you're not coming back

[Verse 2]
I've seen a lot of shit disappear and reappear
I'm 34 on Earth but measure me in Venus years
I'm so right-brained I can't grow an even beard
I wonder if I balance shit out, would things seem as weird
They say it is above as it is below
My skin is so hot but my heart beat is 10 below
In the cold barracks daydreaming about a centerfold
I answer only questions it's easiest to pretend to know
It's hard being brick and mortar creatures
My thoughts have to fit in phones and through computer speakers
I was pretty geeked about my LA weekly feature
I showed it to my dad, my barber and my piano teacher
I'm tryna get discovered like a nectar bat
The cookie-face can and can't remember where his scepter's at
Eyes mad low, grin wide, just like a cheshire cat
Got four dimensional skin my chin is a tesseract
I'm tryna tour for 3 weeks in a mobile home
This Chopped basket's milk, a peach, and some provolone
Talk to myself loud and speak in a boastful tone
My inner monologue is Com's speech from the Golden Globes
Some folks leave rap and never look back
If you tried it yourself, you would have understood that
Make films, play ball right or even cook crack
My famous homies picked the right shit to get good at, yeah

[Hook]

[Outro] x2
My computer club nights, forever
Not gonna die, we just multiply
Forever, forever, forever, forever
And ever, and ever, and ever, and ever, and ever



[Intro: Richie Rich & 2Pac]
'Pac
Hey
What's happening
Not motherfucking double R, Richie baby
What's happening baby, you know how we do it
Yeah nigga, you know I'm up out this bitch
It's time for me to uhhh regulate
Fo' sho', hey
Observe
And you ain't going back?
Nah nah nah, we got to show these motherfuckers whassup though
This is for the honeys, the superstar
I don't want to be her man, I want to be her nigga
You feel me?
Well let 'em know

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
You fucking with niggas that's insecure
Watered down, my shit is pure
Write down my number but don't call me 'til you sure
I ain't begging just trying to relocate between your legs
Dripping wet, as we experiment in sweaty sex
When you met me you wouldn't let me, and now
You straight begging to sex me got you undressing to test me and uhh..

[Verse 2: Richie Rich]
Shut me down if you want, and miss the chance to do it live
When I stroll by, I see that look in yo' eye
You want a nigga, but think that you can't have a nigga
Don't cheat yourself, instead treat yourself
If you scared, go to church, I know it hurts
To find out me and your man be sharing skirts

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I'm hoping you don't take this the wrong way
But your body is banging, got me attracted in a strong way
After a long day of trying to make my songs pay
Making love all day against the wall in the hallway
Your fantasies come alive, your heart rate
Shall increase when we meet up in this dark place
You might think you're happy with him
But that's a lie, so give this thug a try
I'd rather be ya nigga

[Hook: 2Pac]
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
These busters ain't loving you right
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
('Cause) These busters ain't loving you right

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Look, now you was sprung from the introduction
My conversation's full of game yet laced with seductions
I see you blushing like you want something, come get a taste
Of Amerikaz Most Wanted and let's get into some touching, erotic fuckin'
My up and down with no interruptions
Have no intentions of busting until you learn your lesson
Now many questions are often asked, a drop top, 500 Benz
And plenty cash, to help a nigga get the ass

[Verse 5: Richie Rich]
You can ride out with spoke coke, to get your lobster and crab
Cause all I got is conversation and a gang of stab
And I'ma listen when it hurts, I'ma hang out but never stay
Smoke blunts but leave them stunts up to Super Dave
I'll be your nigga, as long as we can understand
That I's the nigga and spoke coke can be the man
He wine and dine, but me and you we whine and grind
And when I'm on the field keep you on the sidelines

[Hook: 2Pac]
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
Them busters ain't loving you right
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
Them busters ain't loving you right

[Verse 6: 2Pac]
Now it's time for the moment of truth, I got you naked
Totally sweating, let's see how hot I can make it
Tongue kissing 'til yo' head swang
I'm so into you, witness a nigga make the bed bang
If it's all mine, then let me know
Now scream my name out; do you want it fast or shall I hit it slow?
Not to mention, the multiple positions I inflict
A boss player, freaky motherfucker, can I dig?

[Verse 7: Richie Rich & 2Pac]
It's on and popping, now you see what I was seeing
Why your eyes rolling? Loosen up, girl, I ain't going
Nowhere, let's let that sucker stay out there
While he's stressed out and knock I stretch out the cock
Hold the boots, and let a nigga execute
And though you got it right, I'm going home tonight
You say you don't need a man, but I don't care
You're in the presence of a player, I'd rather be ya nigga

[Hook: 2Pac]
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
These busters ain't loving you right
So I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
These busters ain't loving you right
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
So we can get drunk and smoke weed all day
It don't matter if you lonely baby, you need a thug in your life
These busters ain't loving you right
I'd rather be ya N-I-G-G-A
(I'd rather be yo' nigga)



[Verse 1]
Yeah, yeah
Uh, they, fuck
Uh, yeah
They ask me if I'm Tyler, the nasty
Nigga that used to be in seventh grade watching Degrassi
But yall niggas and your whips with your rims and your hat with the brims rolling right past me
But I could give a fuck less about what you doing
Who you screwing, who you booing
I got these bitches brewing in my gold pots
You could see the Rolex, the gold watch
See them gold (?) but you won't stop
I'm in that bape shit, or that bathing ape shit
That shit that make you my Superman hoodie is cape shit
You on that fake shit, that true religion, abercrombie, 'postale, nigga my t-shirt is pastel
My nigga I pass well
Well passed, and I pass that fucking class well
And when your bitch see me, she be like "Oh my gosh, your so (?), man you're so swell"
Like I'm so swole, this bape shit is so old, older than the ice cream shoes I have that's growing mold
And they say "Ace, you're genius" I say "I play piano, make songs, a big penis"
Cause when I have 2, listen to Neptune shit, I'm never Mars or Venus, you seen this
My 3D glasses still the cleanest, enis, anus, nigga you could paint this is a mutha fucking bush
All you niggas running but I'm still not in a rush and I'm winning
No races, but I'm grinning
Don't believe in God, but I'm sinning
He-man and she-man and he-man confused than
Yall want the rims, but I'm still chilling in the mutha fucking mini-van like
What it do, what it do, fuck you, and your crew, OF to the death, nah
Yall know I do bail, yall rep yall set until the death nigga this OF until, until
And nigga thats real, and nigga I'm raw, I'm bigger than my boss the cold 86 degrees heat on need with your bitch screaming out my name gagging on her knees
And nigga I'm reed, eating mutha fucking ice cream reese's pieces
Nigga I'm the (?) I'm the shit, You could call me Ace, The Creator A.K.A. feces
I'm eating like a feces

[Interlude]
What the fuck is my problem!
I'm a let this one ride out tho
I'm a let the keys fuck with the drums
A.C.E, OFM, Bangin' on your FM, yes
It was all a dream, now I got my own magazine, word up
I'm out, peace



[Intro: T.I.]
Aye, aye Bun who did this man?
So you mean you got, T.I.P., Killer Mike, Lil Jon and Bun B
So that's the King of the South.. the Underground King..
The King of Crunk.. and King Kong all on the same song
Haha.. aye Jon, they ain't ready
We taking it on back to the trap my nigga!

[Hook]
I got them 'bows on my 'lac - swervin on these niggas!
I got the ho up in the back - bumpin niggas figgaz!
I got the weed in my sack - smokin on that killa!
In the hood where I'm at - trappin with my niggas!
I got the NEW NEW... (Killa K-K-K-Killa Killa...)
NEW NEW... (K-K-K-Killa Killa..)
NEW NEW... (K-K-K-Killa Killa..)
NEW NEW... (Niggas don't wanna touch the Killa..)

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Man we been throwin raps for too long
Aye whatchu wanna do homes?
I'm finna pull this heat and have you fetal like a new-born
T.I.P., Mike, and Bun B - scared whatchu better be
We was just the kings, now we heads of a legacy
Leaders of the new south, fake niggas move out
He talkin loud and proud, but he scared with a tool out
I'm the nigga they be askin what we gon' do bout?
Mike told me "fuck them niggas, bring that New New out"
Tank the Chevy, buy the Caddie, bring the 22's out
Put the city back on top, just seperate the fools now
We had lots of misrepresentation but hey we cool now
Can't keep playin both sides of the fence, you got to choose now
The realest of the real or the fakest of the fake
If ya got it on ya chest, shawty say it to my face
When ya hold ya nuts in hatred, ya only rushin til ya wait
And we gon' show them people what it really is in the A

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Killer Mike]
Straight from Atlanta, the hog hand-ler
Grown folk trap, scramb-ler
Knee deep, means to get them G's to my manager
My mack-10 made for action, body-baggin and throat braggin
I'll drag 'em threw the river like a bad yellow nigga
I'm mashin with pops fashion, bustin first no questions askin
You gon' off that waterboat and thinkin you can hold me
I'm, King Kong on every track, no cap-sule can hold me
I'll THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP, when I BUMP BUMP BUMP BUMP!
It's woofers, tweeters, speakers, geekers, ALL IN YO' TRUNK!
My dad ain't raise no fag, my mom ain't had no punk
We don't hesitate or negotiate, we pop Chevy trunks
From the home of Coca-Cola, I'm not referrin to soda
I'mma grind til I shine, or die going for mine
SIG Sauer by my side, swervin and blowin pine
Don't be a victim to a Killer, be a father to ya son
This Re-Akshon, Killa Kill, T.I.P., and Bun

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Bun B]
Bitch I'm coming live from the trunk and I thrive on the funk
Cuz I'd rather die like a man than survive like a punk
I'm no coward, I'm 'dro-powered, you gettin Twin-Towered
Devoured - it's a shit-storm and you bout to get showered
From Broward county to Harris, Pasadena to Paris
I embarrass niggas on chrome wheels as big as the ferris
Cuz there is, now way now how - I stay low-key, low-brow
In that black on black on black in the 'lac cuz I'm so wild
I get, drunk off that, I'll be high off this
I might pop one of those, it don't matter my nigga - I don't miss
They put me hot on list, where players are posted
But them players we posted up on corners, when they say and get roasted
And the prayer get toasted, cuz I keep the flame on
The face for the game on - leave a stain on anything I puts my name on
Disrespect and the tech'll peck a player like Woody
Cuz cain't nuttin keep a trill nigga down, ask Khujo Goodie

[Hook]

[Outro: Killer Mike]
All I gotta say is sucker emcees better run
The debate is now, who's the greatest emcee?
T.I.P., Killer Mike, or Bun?
We are not doing this for fun - this is a bloodsport
Emcees are dying, mothers are crying
And wack-ass niggas will go out trying
It is officially a new day, I am officially the new mouth
AND THESE ARE THE EMCEES OF THE NEW SOUTH!!



[Intro: Joba]
Baby child
Lift your head and free your mind
Open up your eyes, and you'll find you will fly
Just smile sometime—welcome to the real world

[Verse 1: Joba]
Everybody pray for peace when they don't have the power
A disconnect of intellect
Know some people packing straps, you would call them cowards
The realest G's I ever met
Not on the gangster shit, not on the paper shit
Just on that "have to provide for my kids and shit"
There's blood on the streets
And if I had a dream, I would do anything
I make mistakes
The shit that you hear about ain't just in movies, dog
I've seen some shit
Bag 'em up in body bags, zip 'em up and send 'em
Away from the kids
I know good felons, good drug dealers, good people
Bad system, bad people with power
If you gotta dream and you know what that means
You can do anything, just make a change

[Verse 2: Kevin Abstract]
Sometimes I think back to that ninth grade campus
White boy made fun of my lips, I should've thrown a tantrum
But I remained cool cause he was way too handsome
Now I'm out in Beverly Hills using a mansion as my canvas
I bought a helicopter, threw that bitch on stage
RCA gave us money, we ain't throw it away
We took that shit, we flipped that shit
We made this company pop
They like me, I want 'em to love me like them niggas love Pac
I'm De La Soul, Tribe Called Quest
We be openin' sets inside a G-Unit vest
I moved way out to the West side, but still got the South in my heart
They murdered Selena, now them niggas looking for God
Dressed like a soldier, told ya, they don't know who we are
My vest is on, let 'em know we ready for war
In the club with my boyfriend
We paranoid 'cause, we might get popped
'Cause a nigga on some bullshit
Why you wanna hate me now or ask the skies to lay me down?
I hear my brother praying now
I really need an angel now, some type of holy savior
Ayo, Dad, do me a favor, could you pick me up later?

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
I've been exploring through the Joyful
The Sorrowful and Glorious Mysteries
The story is romanticized, notorious victories
The visions say the scorpion was born as a centipede
That partnered with the succourless to poison their enemies
I tap it down like telegrams with telepathy
To share the bare necessities or own my discrepancies
Can see my Macbook pages spillin' onto the melody
'Cause the margins 'round the pen couldn't keep up with my elegant, uh
I kept that devil in my sextant, never fall behind
That's how we always stayed ahead, the flow of my design
The higher that you climb, the more destructive your decline
I'm well aware that on this day I have to quantify
So tell me if you really think you're so realistic
And rappers pray for me to not preparing on my district
They shouting hands-up while they deploying their ballistics
We shouting hands-up and kids want me to go ballistic
The difference in our league of extraordinary minorities
Against the identity, representing authority
Woo Bertina Macauley and clutch my rosaries
Before they try and steal 'em off of me, that's more for me
That's what the forerunners told me: "This is not your speed!"
While they repeated they beliefs from the Apostle's Creed
The most consistency I found in life has never come from people
Still looking for an equal, nobody will believe you

[Verse 4: Ameer Vann]
God ain't give me a penny, I made a million dollars
I got a thug for a father so I took care of my mother
God threw me in fire, I walked out with my brothers
You know the Shadow of Death?
I was born in the valley, but now I live in The Valley
God gave me a house, God gave me depression
God gave us life but we ain't know it was cursed
I was hurt as a child, you know I still deal with it
Now I'm a grown-ass man with immature-ass feelings
All I wanted was money, just to get it and spend it
On strippers and weed, I ain't skip on the liquor
I can't talk to my niggas 'cause if I say it, it's real
And I ain't ready to face it, I've been flirtin' with Satan
I've been flirtin' with women that like to dance when they naked
And I throw all of my dollars, I throw all of my problems
To the back of my throat with weed smoke and Klonopin
I'm ashamed of myself
About three days ago I planned on killing myself
But I'm still here breathin', you know I'm still here screamin'
Screamin', "Fuck that shit", we signed for fifteen million
And I almost missed it, I know that y'all niggas hear me

[Outro: bearface]
We found a light
Will you still carry me?
When I fall
Let the hope and the joy
Rain down on me
Rain down on me (ooh)
[?]
[?]
Carry, carry, carry me



[Hook: T.I.]
Hut one, Hut two two
Ready set go
Make these niggas get right
Or get low
Hut one, hut two two
Ready set go
Make these niggas get right
Or get low
Get low, get low or get right right
Holla killer kill for the villa Big Mike Big Mike
Get low get low or get right right
Holla killer kill for the villa Big Mike Big Mike

[Verse 1: Killer Mike]
I know these streets bout tired of this weak shit
Your style been ran through like a freak bitch
The pussy club got you angered with your frequent
Ed Hardy ass nigga and ya sequins
Might as well shop at Victoria's Secret
Have 'em gift wrap you some "I love Pink" shit
Rent due and y'all niggas delinquent
You better find another nigga to link with
Cause the nigga you link with is a lie fool
I used to bully that monkey nigga in high school
Sit at the lunch table, steal and eat his damn food
The pretty girls, they say, Michael a damn fool
I get my work on, and get my flirt on
I say fuck 'em he a pussy put a skirt on 'em
I say fuck 'em he a pussy put a skirt on 'em

[Hook: T.I.]

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Nigga, how it's gonna bet bigger?
With that nigga the B-I-G and the microphone killer
Jack The Ripper all thriller, no filler
'Less I'm filling your broad up with nigga
I drill her while you finger prick her
That means she barely feel a thang when you hit her
Boy, drop this thangs like a sabre-tooth tigger, or tiger
The prehistoric rap writer
And I'm a keep my foot on the neck on all these non-rhyming sack biters
The golden arm Johnny Unitas rap titan
Boy, your life is like Sterling silver it needs a little shining
Steadily styling on you suckas like a hairdo
Beauty parlor rapping-ass niggas, we say, "how dare you?"
I can't stand you
You making the game soft like a ???
I'm blowing this bitch down like I'm Hurricane Andrew
It's Dungeon Family and my man's too
Grind Time/Grand Hustle, fucker we will drag you

[Hook: T.I.]

[Verse 3: Killer Mike]
I'm the product, of the age of narcotta
Which means I'm dope like the pills you swallow
Down by law I lead don't follow
Grind time, grand hustle live for the gualla
I remain in the game to break lames off
Some of them sensitive and some too soft
The hood been forced to fuck with y’all by default
But now the truth here the bullshit cuts off
This is real homie, no fake, no filler
One hundred percent grade A killer
Something like the bitch that I keep in Villa Rica
But I’ma be quiet ‘cause they might Mike Vick ya
Might catch Mike with a light Mike Vicka
Some purple kush that'll get me high like a missile
Smoking one deep homie cause I don’t fuck with you
Sincerely from the hustle and grind time official

[Outro: T.I.]
Lets go lets go
Grand hustle
Money on our mind
And we ain't going down sucker
And Grind time, Hut two and Grand Hustle
Send them here got them looking like the king bankhead sucker

[Hook T.I.]



[Intro: Puff Daddy]
Yeah, yeah, you ready motherfucker?
We gonna kill your ass
I'm ready

[Verse 1]
As I grab the Glock, put it to your headpiece
One in the chamber, the safety is off release
Straight at your dome, holmes, I wanna see cabbage
Biggie Smalls the savage, doing your brain cells much damage
Teflon is the material for the imperial
Mic ripper, girl stripper, the Henny sipper
I drop lyrics off and on like a lightswitch
Quick to grab the right bitch and make her drive the Q
-45, Glocks and tecs are expected when I wreck shit
Respect is collected, so check it
I got techniques dripping out my buttcheeks
Sleep on my stomach so I don't fuck up my sheets, huh
My shit is deep, deeper than my grave, G
I'm ready to die and nobody can save me
Fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl
My life is played out like a Jheri curl, I'm ready to die!

[Hook]
Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die

[Verse 2]
As I sit back and look when I used to be a crook
Doing whatever it took from snatching chains to pocketbooks
A big bad motherfucker on the wrong road
I got some drugs, tried to get the avenue sewed
I want it all from the Rolexes to the Lexus
Getting paid is all I expected
My mother didn't give me what I want, what the fuck?
Now I've got a Glock making motherfuckers duck
Shit is real and hungry's how I feel
I rob and steal because that money got that whip appeal
Kicking niggas down the steps just for rep
Any repercussion lead to niggas getting wet
The infrared's at your head real steady
You better grab your guns 'cause I'm ready

[Hook: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
I'm ready to die
Yes, I'm ready
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die
Nah we ain't gonna kill your ass yet, we gonna make you suffer

[Verse 3]
In a sec, I throw the tec to your fucking neck
Everybody hit the deck, Biggie 'bout to get some rec
Quick to leave you in a coffin for slick talking
You better act like CeCe and keep on walking
When I hit ya, I split ya to the white meat
You swung a left, you swung a right, you fell to the concrete
Your face, my feet, they meet with stompin'
I'm rippin MCs from Tallahassee to Compton
Biggie Smalls on a higher plane
Niggas say I'm strange, deranged because I put the 12 gauge to your brain
Make your shit splatter
Mix the blood like batter then my pocket gets fatter
After the hit, leave you on the street with your neck slit
Down your backbone to where your motherfucking shit drip
The shit I kick, ripping through the vest
Biggie Smalls passing any test, I'm ready to die!

[Hook: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
Time to go, we gon put you out your misery motherfucker
Niggas definitely know what time it is (Yes, I'm ready)
The Notorious one in full effect for '93 (Yes, I'm ready)
Uhh, uhh Yes, I'm ready
Suicidal, I'm ready!
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die
Yes, I'm ready
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die

[Outro: Puff Daddy]
Now I lay me down to sleep (Yeah)
Pray the Lord my soul to keep
If I should die before I wake
I pray the Lord my soul to take
'Cause I'm ready to die
All y'all motherfuckers come with me if you want to
Biggie Smalls the biggest man
Rocking on and on in ninety-three, Easy Mo Bee
Third Eye and the rest of the Bad Boy fam
I don't wanna see no crying at my funeral



[Sample: Ronald Reagan]
Our government has a firm policy not to capitulate to terrorist demands. That no-concessions policy remains in force, despite the wildly speculative and false stories about arms for hostages and alleged ransom payments, we did not, repeat, did not trade weapons or anything else for hostages, nor will we

[Verse 1]
The ballot or the bullet, some freedom or some bullshit
Will we ever do it big, or just keep settling for lil' shit?
We brag on having bread, but none of us are bakers
We all talk having greens, but none of us own acres
If none of us own acres, and none of us grow wheat
Then who will feed our people when our people need to eat
So it seems our people starve from lack of understanding
Cause all we seem to give them is some balling and some dancing
And some talking about our car and imaginary mansions
We should be endited for bullshit we inciting
Hand the children death and pretend that it's exciting
We are advertisements for agony and pain
We exploit the youth, we tell them to join a gang
We tell them dope stories, introduce them to the game
Just like Oliver North introduced us to cocaine
In the 80's when the bricks came on military planes

[Sample: Ronald Reagan]
A few months ago I told the American people I did not trade arms for hostages. My heart and my best intentions still tell me that's true, but the facts and the evidence tell me it is not

[Verse 2]
The end of the Reagan Era, I'm like 'leven, twelve, or
Old enough to understand the shit'll change forever
They declared the war on drugs like a war on terror
But what it really did was let the police terrorize whoever
But mostly black boys, but they would call us "niggers"
And lay us on our belly, while they fingers on they triggers
They boots was on our head, they dogs was on our crotches
And they would beat us up if we had diamonds on our watches
And they would take our drugs and money, as they pick our pockets
I guess that that's the privilege of policing for some profit
But thanks to Reaganomics, prisons turned to profits
Cause free labor is the cornerstone of US economics
Cause slavery was abolished, unless you are in prison
You think I am bullshitting, then read the 13th Amendment
Involuntary servitude and slavery it prohibits
That's why they giving drug offenders time in double digits
Ronald Reagan was an actor, not at all a factor
Just an employee of the country's real masters
Just like the Bushes, Clinton and Obama
Just another talking head telling lies on teleprompters
If you don't believe the theory, then argue with this logic
Why did Reagan and Obama both go after Qaddafi
We invaded sovereign soil, going after oil
Taking countries is a hobby paid for by the oil lobby
Same as in Iraq, and Afghanistan
And Ahmadinejad say they coming for Iran
They only love the rich, and how they loathe the poor
If I say any more they might be at my door
(Shh..) Who the fuck is that staring in my window
Doing that surveillance on Mr. Michael Render
I'm dropping off the grid before they pump the lead
I leave you with four words: I'm glad Reagan dead

[Outro]
Ronald Wilson Reagan
Ronald Wilson Reagan
Ronald (6) Wilson (6) Reagan (6)
Ronald (6) Wilson (6) Reagan (666)



[Intro]
Yeah, uh, man
Thanks for the love and support baby, thank you
I hate you

[Verse 1: DMX]
Hate who I love, blessed with the curse
I was born to die, best of the worst
Wings but can't fly, but first things first
I will until I'm stretched in a hearse
Niggas don't get me, but I ain't complicated
Thing about the truth is most niggas hate it
Didn't ask God for what I wanted, I waited
Until He felt like I earned it, then he gave it
Anything worth havin' is worth earnin'
The true nature of man is definitely worth learnin'
'Cause why you're concerning yourself with discernin'
Whether its worth savin', its usually worth burnin'
I knew from the start that this life wasn't mine
That's why from the start, I put my life on the line
Gangstas runnin' 'round cryin' about dyin'
I got faith, I'ma go when its my time!



[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us, how many jealous? Real friends
It's not many of us, we smile at each other
But how many honest? Trust issues
Switched up the number, I can't be bothered
I cannot blame you for havin' an angle
I ain't got no issues, I'm just doin' my thing
Hope you're doin' your thing, too
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Fuck the church up by drinkin' at the communion
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
In town for a day, what the fuck we doin'?
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you not the problem
Damn I forgot to call her, shit I thought it was Thursday
Why you wait a week to call my phone in the first place?
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
When was the last time I wasn't in a hurry?

[Bridge: Ty Dolla $ign]
Tell me you want your tickets when it's gametime
Even to call your daughter on her FaceTime
Even when we was young I used to make time
Now we be way too busy just to make time
Even for my...

[Chorus: Kanye West, Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign]
Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him

[Verse 2: Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign]
I couldn't tell you how old your daughter was
Couldn't tell you how old your son is
I got my own Jr. on the way, dawg
Plus I already got one kid
Couldn't tell you much about the fam though
I just showed up for the yams though
Maybe 15 minutes, took some pictures with your sister
Merry Christmas, then I'm finished, then it's back to business
You wanna ask some questions 'bout some real shit?
Like I ain't got enough pressure to deal with
Please don't pressure me with that bill shit
Cause everybody got 'em that ain't children
Oh you've been nothin' but a friend to me
Niggas thinkin' I'm crazy, you defendin' me
It's funny I ain't spoke to niggas in centuries
To be honest, dawg, I ain't feelin' your energy
Money turn your kin into an enemy
Niggas ain't real as they pretend to be

[Verse 3: Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign]
Lookin' for all my real friends
How many of us? How many of us are real friends
To real friends, 'til the reel end
'Til the wheels fall off, 'til the wheels don't spin
To 3 A.M., callin'
How many real friends?
Just to ask you a question
Just to see how you was feelin'
How many?
For the last you was frontin'
I hate when a nigga text you like, "What's up, fam? Hope you good"
You say, "I'm good, I'm great," the next text they ask you for somethin'
How many?
What's best for your family, immediate or extended
Any argument, the media'll extend it
I had a cousin that stole my laptop that I was fuckin' bitches on
Paid that nigga 250 thousand just to get it from him
Real friends
Huh?

[Chorus: Kanye West,  Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign]
Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him



[Tyler, The Creator]
Yo, hold up son. (Whoo!)
Yo, yo son
Yo, yo
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Yo I'm bad
Pockets fat like a big ass bitch ass, son
I come through looking real nice
Nigga chain looking like delight
Spend like thirty g's on it
You know that this' ice
It ain't gon' melt
Your bitch asking for help
I'm like son, bitch I don't even know you personally
Bitch I've got insurance you ain't hurting me

[Jasper Dolphin]
Yo B, yo b, yo b
Ah, ah, yo
I'm at the store I've got a fucking quarter
Don't give a fuck nigga
How do you do
How do you do

[Tyler, The Creator]
Yo son, son, daughter, nephew, cousin, brother, son, done

[Jasper Dolphin]
Oh, yea
Ay b
Yo dog, yo dog
You be like "hey bitch"
She ha﻿ beli, habala, hoo damn
HOO WHAT THE FUCK, AAH, I NO SEE, WOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Wooo. Wooo. Wooo

[Tyler, The Creator]
Yo son
Yo listen son
Tona hundred daino tu tek a mulino
Una fu nino with a kinda bulicho
I shit tosa bolato laino
Ino, ino, ino
Polo mocaino
Dain, dain, dain, dain, dai
Doh, doh, doh, doh, doh
Chain, chai, chai, chai, chai.... Ohh, no

Wack the molono, molico my dick!
Tuca motuco motoco moli!
Awdlwlwlwlwlwlwlwl, taba taba-li!

[Jasper Dolphin]
Alalalala
I'm like alalalabamba
Tira ta la panda
You put it in the pocket and you're like UUUH MANDA!
Pilalala panda
Ta pola, ta pola
Irina, ARINA!!

[Tyler, The Creator]
Do do, daki no dicho
Sinka mico, into oh molchinko
Ita la malicho
Ita ca madicho
Nuah nuah nuah
DA FUCKING BURRITO!



[Verse 1]
Daylight
I wake up feeling like you won't play right
I used to know, but now that shit don't feel right
It made me put away my pride
So long
You made a nigga wait for some, so long
You make it hard for boy like that to go on
I'm wishing I could make this mine, oh

[Pre-Chorus]
If you want it, yeah
You can have it, oh, oh, oh
If you need it, ooh
We can make it, oh
If you want it
You can have it

[Chorus]
But stay woke
Niggas creepin'
They gon' find you
Gon' catch you sleepin' (ooh)
Now stay woke
Niggas creepin'
Now don't you close your eyes

[Verse 2]
Too late
You wanna make it right, but now it's too late
My peanut butter chocolate cake with Kool-Aid
I'm trying not to waste my time

[Pre-Chorus]
If you want it, oh
You can have it, you can have it
If you need it
You better believe in something
We can make it
If you want it
You can have it, ah!

[Chorus]
But stay woke (stay woke!)
Niggas creepin' (they be creepin')
They gon' find you (they gon' find you)
Gon' catch you sleepin' (Gon' catch you sleepin', put your hands up now baby)
Ooh, now stay woke
Niggas creepin'
Now, don't you close your eyes
But stay woke, ooh
Niggas creepin' (they gon' find you!)
They gon' find you
Gon' catch you sleepin', ooh
Now stay woke
Niggas creepin'
Now, don't you close your eyes

[Outro]
How'd it get so scandalous?
How'd it get so scandalous?
(Oh, oh, baby you, how'd it get...)
How'd it get so scandalous?
How'd it get so scandalous?
But stay woke
But stay woke



[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
I need it all downtown, nigga
Put it back where you fuckin' found it though
I need it all down (my nigga)
Keep 'em right there, oh, you found 'em though
I want a shirt that make my body feel all sexy
I want a chain that make my body feel all hefty
I want my head to fall off when I walk out the door
I want the rain to fall down and I'm askin' for more

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head
(Ride slow, ride slow, slow)
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head (woo, slow)
(Ride slow, ride slow, slow)
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head (woo, slow)

[Verse 2: Dom McLennon]
I want a love that make me feel like I ain't breakin' ya heart
I wanna know what made you stay when it was wrong from the start
I need to know where you went lookin' where you went through the chop
I need this fear of being everybody else to depart
I got a lot on my mind, not enough hours to shed
Not enough trust to believe, not enough feelin' to care
I'm feeling numb to the world so I've been ignoring instead
I'm seeing through what I wanted, to recognize who is there, yeah

[Pre-Chorus: Matt Champion]
Throw me in the fire, baby, I'll survive
Coming top down by the seaside
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah, ay-yi-yi-yi-yah
See the wrong side of the 45
Only you and me by the borderline (ooo)
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah (ooo-ooo), ay-yi-yi-yi-yah
Let it go

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head
(Ride slow, ride slow, slow)
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head (woo, slow)
(Ride slow, ride slow, slow)
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head (woo, slow)

[Bridge: Matt Champion]
And I will show you off for everything I own
I know it's not what you're used to
See they could tear me down, take everything I made
I'll still be here next to you

[Pre-Chorus: Matt Champion]
Throw me in the fire, baby, I'll survive
Coming top down by the seaside
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah, ay-yi-yi-yi-yah
See the wrong side of the 45
Only you and me by the borderline (ooo)
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yah (ooo-ooo), ay-yi-yi-yi-yah
Let it go

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head
(Ride slow, ride slow, slow)
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head (woo, slow)
(Ride slow, ride slow, slow)
Ridin' on the roof with a dollar sign attached to my
Head, head, head, head, head, head, head, head (woo, slow)



4334
Ignorant, Atheist, sound like a fucking monster
Tall, skinny, lanky, bucket, fuck it badass posture
Cops are angering the hell
Where they discounted mounted
With the devil, he was formal and some Polo and some Dockers
Dancing with him playing vengeance Cindi Lauper with some Crips
In all red like they playin' Red Lobster
My bitch is white Italian to be exact
Mobster is her father and he'll kill me
When he finds out im reading her Harry Potter
Fuck him!, Im a Demon fill your daughter up with semen
With Supreme emboirderd logos, making fun of homos cause its funny
Tommy rugby hilfiger screaming nigga with a cluck
I'm a fuckin' Nazi with a condom, barley give a fuck
Odd Future Wolf Gang, Fuck Lame, 91'
We hockey fuckin' Marksmen, hit you with the Wolf Gang
Puck, trucks thunder now shes in the trunk wondering why shes about to get raped and chopped up, lumber
He said, write a sixteen, well she was seventeen
And I'm only eighteen and that's statutory rape
And if you fuckin' snitch on me I guess I'll make the great escape
To have a date with your dead body and I cannot be late
Might do a Ted Bundy, I can consider ya'll some haughtys
If they find me at my home, guess I gotta fuckin roam
All alone ,in the streets, gotta hustle drugs for food
Gotta sell beats for clothes if I really wanna eat
Fuck you, O.F.M. Bangin' on your mothafuckin' FM
Fuck Tammy
Fuck Tammy



[Verse 1: brandUn Deshay]
I got that Alexander the Great type imperial flow
Butterfinger I’m droppin’ bars like my signal was low
My car full of Os, looking like the cereal bo
You hear me everywhere
(I'm everywhere)
But I ain't stereo doh
I hear they waiting for my downfall
Talking again
Shit, I tell em' fall back like it's autumn again
I know you waiting for my reply but that's all that you'll get
I got my mind on bigger shit
Tell them adios then
Doing this for the niggers before me
Life's a bitch but god forbid that bitch divorce me
Fucking with these and one hoes they quick to cross me
They found out the hard way I guess they lost me
I'm feeling quite bossly now
I don't need love
Walking on air with my feet up a thousand feet up
I've been telling those to speak up because the money talking
It's hard to hear with all these honeys talking
Everyday I be shining ask the weather man
Now it's girls on my jock like a Letterman
I'm just doing it the best
If that means I'm do it better than you
Fuck it whatever then all day
BranDun Deshay

[Verse 2: Casey Veggies]
I'm chillin' with the homies
Real talks, real conversations
Most of y'all speaking on what girl that nigga dating
I only speak to her and she say she facing
I hope she ain't got braces
Make her keep going til' I tell her she amazing
Casey keep spittin got these haters walking mazes
I used to play games now I'm playing for the payment
Born in '93 with my girl from the '80s
I just say it again to them
Lotta niggas try to stop me but I ran through them
Lotta niggas didn't believe I wave my hands to them
Now everybody know exactly what the man doing
Ro-man music pump it loud, go ahead and make it grand to it
I just grab my pen and pad and let my hands do it
It's Odd Future til' I stop you heard my first music
Now when you come and see me rock bring a hurse to it
You niggas

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
Ignorant, Atheist, sound like a fucking monster
Tall, skinny, lanky, buck it, fuck it, badass posture
Copped some angel wings in Hell, where they discounted
Mounted with the devil, he was formal with some Polo and some Dockers
Dancing with him, playing vintage Cindi Lauper
With some Crips in all red, like they playing Red Lobster
My bitch is white Italian to be exact, mobster is her father
And he'll kill me when he finds out I'm reading her Harry Potter
Fuck him, I'm a demon, fill your daughter up with semen
With Supreme embroidered logos, making fun of homos
Cause it's funny
Tommy rugby Hilfiger, screaming nigga with a cluck
I'm a fuckin' Nazi with a condom, barely give a fuck
Odd Future Wolf Gang, Fuck Lame, 91'
We hockey fuckin' Marksmen, hit you with the Wolf Gang puck
Trucks thunder, now she's in the trunk
Wondering why she's 'bout to get raped and chopped up, lumber
He said write a sixteen, well she was seventeen
And I'm only eighteen and that's statutory rape
And if you fucking snitch on me I guess I'll make the great escape
To have a date with your dead body and I cannot be late
Might do a Ted Bundy, I can consider ya'll some haughtys
If they find me at my home, guess I gotta fucking roam
All alone in the streets, gotta hustle drugs for food
Gotta sell beats for clothes if I really wanna eat

Fuck you, O.F.M. Bangin' on your mothafuckin' FM
Fuck Tammy
Fuck Tammy



[Intro/ Interlude 1]
The chef used during the seven days in which Perfect Hair was recorded cost roughly
Everything

Oh shoot (yeah)
Driver!
Ohh

[Verse 1: Busdriver]
Hi, I'm Regan
I don't rap for free
And listen I’ve got a bachelors degree, but you knew that, come on
And still you never would admit how sick I've become

This year my pigment’s bluer
What am I, a crip from hoover?
Oh no, It’s a malignant tumour!
Oh, I knew it. Come on!
And still you never would admit how sick I’ve become

(Cuts to the Second Interlude)

[Interlude 2]
This is "Perfect Hair" by Busdriver
It costs .146 million US dollars to make
The musical accompaniment on tracks 5 through 12, cost 6000 euros each
The backup singers used on tracks 1 through 3, cost 3500 US dollars per take
The studio time at our home studios cost half a million Brazilian reals per lockout session

[Verse 2: Busdriver]
I'm a frequent flyer
And a decent liar
And that's a lie in itself but you knew that, come on
And still you never would admit how sick I've become

I eat my food raw
Grew up bourgeois
Now I run game like a cue ball
But you knew that, come on
And so you'll never admit how sick I've become

I'm not a cool dad
Nor a new fad
I'm my daughter's own private enigma, come on
And still she never could admit how sick I've become

I'm dope as fuck
I know what's up
And I did not blow up but you knew that, come on
And so you never would admit how sick I always was

[Verse 3: Busdriver]
My clothes are dirty
And I'm over thirty
And you can't quit me cold turkey but you knew that, come on
It's about time we've admitted how sick this has become

I'm no one
And everywhere I only breathe heavy air
But you knew that, come on
Why can't we admit how sick this has become?

I used to wake up at noon
To punch the moon
And fuck my life in her puncture wound
Come on

[Outro]
Come on



[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Uh, AK on my nightstand, right next to that Bible
But I swear with these fifty shots, I'll shoot it out with 5-0
Pockets gettin' too fat, no Weight Watchers, no lipo
Money talks, bullshit walks on a motherfucking tightrope
And I make that pussy tap out, I knock that pussy out cold
Nigga you get beat the crap out, but that's just how the dice roll
These hoes want that hose pipe, so I give all these hoes pipe
She get on that dick and stay on, all night, like porch lights
Let's do it, fuck talkin', we out here, we ballin'
And I'm spraying at these rusty niggas like WD-40
We fucked up, we Truk'd up; no if, ands, or butt-fucks
Bitch niggas go behind ya back like nunchucks and that's fucked up
But my hoes down, my cups up, my niggas down for whatever
These bitches think they're too fly, well, tell them hoes I pluck feathers
I'm Tunechi, Young Tunechi, I wear Trukfit, fuck Gucci
She's blowing kisses at me with her pussy lips, smooches
And that's 2 Chainz

[Hook: 2 Chainz & Lil Wayne]
Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!
Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Never talk to the cops, I don't speak Pig Latin
I turnt a penny to a motherfuckin Janet Jackson
Tell the bitches that be hatin' I ain't got no worries
I just want to hit and run like I ain't got insurance
Ho, what's your name? What's your sign? Zodiac Killer
All rats gotta die, even Master Splinter, yeah, murder, 187
I be killing them bitches, I hope all dogs go to heaven
And I got Xanax, Percocet, Promethazine with Codeine
Call me Mr. Sandman, I'm sellin' all these hoes dreams
Got a white girl with big titties, flat-ass TV screen
I keep a bad bitch, call me the B.B. King
And you know I got that mouth out her
Then put that bitch out like a house fire
I'm killing these hoes like Michael Myers
I eat that cat just like a lion
And I can't trust none of these niggas
Can't trust none of these hoes
And I see your girl when I want, I got that ho TiVo'd
Got a red-ass bitch with a red-ass pussy
Nigga try me, that's a dead-ass pussy
Since y'all motherfuckers so blind to the fact
To tell you the truth, I don't care who's lookin'
All I know is I love my bitch and pussy feel just like heaven on earth
Six feet deep, dick shovelin' the dirt, R.I.P. — Rest In Pussy
Light that shit, then pass that shit, we gon get so smoked out
And then I went got locked up, every night I dreamt I broke out
One time for them pussy niggas, that's that shit I don't like
We eatin' over here nigga, fuck around and have a food fight
And that's 2 Chainz

[Hook: 2 Chainz & Lil Wayne]
Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!
Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
And your nigga a ho



[Chorus: Kanye West]
She under the influence
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
She under the influence
She rich nigga drunk
A broke nigga text her
She roll her eyes like, "What this nigga want?"
She under the influence
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'

[Verse 1: Tyga]
She under my influence, she rich nigga drunk
All you got is chump change 'cause you been with a chump
You should be on Punk 'cause you been with a punk
I been ballin' all year, yeah, he been in a slump
Let's spend a weekend in the TRUMP, we can get rich nigga drunk
Drink up everything in the minibar, to make you call to fill it up
Yeah, that's that rich nigga drunk, she say she sick of gettin' up
8am, tryna wake up kids, barely got time to fix her lunch
We'll come get rich nigga drunk, kiss my dick, kiss it once
Okay, just one kiss, this time with a little tongue
Woo, she rich nigga drunk, gon' let a rich nigga fuck
Said she never been a quitter, but she finna give it up, agh

[Chorus: Kanye West]
She under the influence
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
She under the influence, she rich nigga drunk
A broke nigga text her, she roll her eyes like, "What this nigga want?"
She under the influence
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'
Keep doin' what you been doin'

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
'Cause I look too good to be workin' this hard
I look too good to be workin' this job
She back up on me, she back it up on me
She, she back up on me, she back it up on me
Back it up on me, she back up on me
She back up on me, she back up on me
She back up on me, she back up on me
Yeah, she back up on me, she back up on me
She got [?], and [?] wanna see
[?], she back up on me
She back up on me, she back up on me
She back up on me, she back up on me
She want girls to see, wantin' her girls to see
Wanna get down for me



[Intro]
Alright, here we go, third take
Real quick, Ali, mm

[Hook]
Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson with madness
Now just imagine the magic I light to asses
Don't ask for your favorite rapper
(He dead!) Yessir
(Amen!) Church
(He dead!) I killed him
(Amen!) Bitch

[Verse 1]
And this is rigor mortis, and it's gorgeous when you die
Ali recorded, and I'm Morpheus; the matrix of my mind
I'm out the orbit, you an orphan and a hairdresser combined
I'm on the toilet when I rhyme, if you the shit, then I decline
I climax where you begin and then I end on cloud nine
And that's important when you morph into an angel in the sky
And don't be forging all my signatures, my listeners reply
And tell me that you biting style, you got a hell of an appetite
And I'ma be here for a while, just buckle up before the ride
Or knuckle up if you can fight, we always making 'em duck or die
A suit and tie is suitable and usual in suicide
CSI just might investigate this fucking parasite
(He dead! Amen!)
That's what they telling me, aim it at your celebrities
This is studio felony
Ferragami, so many, and cool enough for the '70s
Nigga, payback's a bitch
And bitch, you been living in debt with me
Dead 'em all, and especially
Leave a call on his mother voicemail
That say that he rest in peace
Bigger chopper the recipe
Wrestling? That's irrelevant
Rather rest at your residence
Whistling to the melody, couldn't think of a better D
Better be on your P and Q, it's just me, Jay Rock, Soul, and Q
Solar system and barbecue, nothing else you can do
(He dead!) Yup-yup
(Amen!) I killed him
(He dead!) Hmh, hmh, hm
(Amen!) Amen

[Hook]
Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson, don't ask for your favorite rapper
(He dead!) Yup-yup
(Amen!) I know
(He dead!) For sure
(Amen!) Amen
Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson, don't ask for your favorite rapper

[Verse 2]
I rapped him and made him Casper, I capture the likes of NASA
My pedigree to fly past ya, I'll pass the weed to the pastor
We all are sinners, won't you send us to bible study faster?
Your hypocritesque reaction a blasphemy, I assassin my casualty
And it's casually done, and tell 'em my salary come
A lump sum of hundreds, don't talk to me 'bout no money
The sun is under my feet, and I come in peace to compete
I don't run if you'd rather leap, my statistics go up in weeks
And I go visit the nearest creek, and I get busy on many MC
Really ballistic, anybody can see
Any assistance, everybody deceased
I'm persistence, recognize I be
Really too vicious, the permanent beast
And the demolition, breaking up the street
Better partition, better dot your T
And I gon' mention, how the far you see
Putting my dick in the rap industry
Everybody bitching, getting mad at me
Recognize Kendrick in the battery
And I'm charged up, and the catastrophe
Is charged up, and the audacity
Of y'all fucks never could hassle me
And y'all luck just ran out, you'll see

[Hook]
(He dead!) Yup-yup
(Amen!) I know
(He dead!) For sure
(Amen!) Amen
Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson, don't ask for your favorite rapper
(He dead!) Yup-yup
(Amen!) I know
(He dead!) For sure
(Amen!) Amen



[Verse 1]
'Bout the baddest girl I ever seen
Straight up out a movie scene
Who knew she was a drama queen
That'd turn my life to Stephen King's
Up late night like she on parole
Checking everything like I'm on parole
I told her it's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go
Ok, Ok, Ok, Ok
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Ok, Ok, Ok
You will never stop it now
You need to stop it now
Drop it, drop it

[Verse 2]
Just looking at your history
You're like the girl from Misery
She said she ain't take it to this degree
Well let's agree to disagree
Shorty kind of crazy but it turn me on
Keep it up enough to keep it going on
I told her it’s some things she don't need to know
She never let it go
Ok, ok, ok, ok
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Ok, ok, ok
You will never stop it now
You need to drop it now
Drop it, drop it

[Hook]
Cause I don't want no Robocop
You move is like a Robocop
When did you become a Robocop
Somebody please make her stop
Make her stop, stop…
Somebody make her stop, stop…
And we won’t stop

I’d like to welcome everybody to VH1 storytellers
I go by the name of – Kanye, West
You could’ve been anywhere in the world this evening, but you wouldn’t be as happy as you are right now
No, you wouldn’t be as happy as you are right now

We’re gonna run through some of the new songs and some of the old songs
And tell you where the whole thing went wrong, and tell you were the whole thing went wrong that forced me to write these songs
For my love, my love, my love
My love [3x]
That spoiled little LA girl, you just an LA girl
That spoiled little LA girl, you just an LA girl

Oh you're kidding me
You must be joking
Or you are smoking
Oh oh you're kidding me
Oh you're kidding me
Haha that was a good one
Your first good one in a while
Your first good one in a while
You need to stop it now
Go ahead and stop it now
You need to stop it now

You know, I really like that part of the album
When I said
That was a good one, your first good one in a while
‘Cause I love Tenacious D and I listen to them all the time
And I feel that was the closest I got to like a real Jack Black moment
And there was a lot more that I said, I said

We got to the movies and we laugh at different jokes
It went on and on and on and on…
But I just narrowed it down to:

Spoiled little LA girl, you just an LA girl
Spoiled little LA girl, you just an LA girl
Spoiled little LA girl, man I love these LA girls
These LA girls, man I love these LA girls

Ok, Ok, Ok, Ok
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Ok, Ok, Ok
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now

Cause I don't want no Robocop
You move is like a Robocop
When did you become a Robocop?
Somebody please make her stop
Make her stop, stop…



[Produced by Kanye West]

[Verse 1]
'Bout the baddest girl I ever seen
Straight up out a movie scene
Who knew she was a drama queen
That'd turn my life to Stephen King's?
Up late night like she on patrol
Checking everything like I'm on parole
I told her there's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go, oh

[Pre-Hook]
Okay, okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You need to drop it now
Drop it, drop it

[Hook]
'Cause I don't want no Robocop
You moving like a Robocop
When did you become a Robocop?
Now I don't need no Robocop

[Verse 2]
Just looking at your history
You're like the girl from Misery
She said she ain't take it to this degree
Well let's agree to disagree
Shorty kind of crazy but it turn me on
Keep it up enough to keep it going on
I told her there's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go, oh

[Pre-Hook]
Okay, okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You need to drop it now
Drop it, drop it

[Hook]
'Cause I don't want no Robocop
You moving like a Robocop
When did you become a Robocop?
Somebody please make her stop

[Verse 3]
Stop ... drop ... roll ... pop
Bitch I'm cold ... I
Ain't used to being told ... stop
So I could never be your robot
Fast or slow, you can stay or can go
Now, now that you know, now, now that you know
Yeah I had her before but that happened before
You get mad when you know, so just don't ask me no more
Ok, ok, ok, uh, uh
It ain't ok, ok, ok

[Outro]
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl (you need to stop it now)
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl (you need to stop it now)
Oh you're kidding me
You must be joking
Or you are smoking
Oh oh you're kidding me
Oh you're kidding me
Haha that was a good one
Your first good one in a while
Your first good one in a while
You need to stop it now
You need to stop it now
Oh you need to stop it now



[Tyler, the Creator]
I got guns in the fucking pan
Hit the band, nigga
AK47 in the land hit the dance, nigga
I don't got plans, I just go, go
Like the Roadrunner, where's the coyote?
It's Rocky and T, y'all ain't fucking with me
Please, had niggas singing "Stop" like it's Glee
Nigga chill
I'm real, I'm ill
I'm sickle cell

[A$AP Rocky]
Wait hold on, hold on, let me hit 'em with some soft shit

Hey beautiful girl
You already know we keep it trilla on the side
Got my nigga T on the side
Got the Caddy, that's the ride

[Tyler, the Creator]
Fuck that nigga, you gon' die
I don't play...



[Intro: Consequence]
The conman, aw, damn, we back in town, word

[Hook: Consequence]
I'm sick and tired of you sittin' around here all day
I'm sick and tired of you smokin' weed in the hallway
But why you worried about me?
Why you worried about what I'm doin' here?
Why you got to embarrass me in front of company?

[Verse 1: Consequence]
Damn, you back from your trip
I thought the plane would have helped you over
Stop sellin' crack out the crib, yeah, when hell freeze over
Until the (?) over, hard to fly wings over
Dog, you talkin' way too fast, tell me it slower
You seen my boys is over, (?) wasn't right
Cause my feet is on the sofa and I never fill up the (?)
A man (?), dog, I ain't got my half
But if you buy me this, ma, I promise I'll pay you back
But the way you act, I be really want to see you dead
Plus it's four hundred missin' from under my bed
They put me in arrest and have you beat them 'bout the iron
When them niggas rushed the crib
I was the one that poured the ice in them

[Hook: Consequence]
I'm sick and tired of you sittin' around here all day
I'm sick and tired of you smokin' weed in the hallway
But why you worried about me?
Why you worried about what I'm doin' here?
Why you got to embarrass me in front of company?

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
We have, we have in this corner the dead heat roommate
Fresh from his momma crib
He embossed the market thanks to my sponsorship
I ain't finna argue 'bout what we finna watch, dog
We finna watch Fox and the weed finna (?)
I can't even bring hoes to my spot
You be tryin' to thug 'em out, roommate version of Pac
When it's not grievin' when I ask where you'd be
You told me like (?), he beat the shit out of me
Then you borrowed my clothes, don't do that
It's makin' me nervous, I found my bird in my (?) book
Can't find my Julius Erving
You from a family of alchies and I'm (?)
But I'm feelin' like Perfect Strangers
Cause you about to crowd me, get the fuck out

[Hook: Consequence]
I'm sick and tired of you sittin' around here all day
I'm sick and tired of you smokin' weed in the hallway
But why you worried about me?
Why you worried about what I'm doin' here?
Why you got to embarrass me in front of company?

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
You got all these Halle Berry posters in the crib
How you think she feel about you havin' roaches in the crib?
I got my name on the orange juice, posted in the crib
She drinkin' out the pitcher like most of it was his
Nigga, what the fuck you did with my pornos and comic books?
How come I never got the message that my people said you took?
Look, who the fuck you down with?
Cause them chromes is off the hook
It's like the (?) of Rhode Island every time you try to cook
You try to cook, nigga, look, I don't ever try to cook
I just been tryin' to get back that money that I loaned your ass
Off the books, off the books, yep, a month ago
You must have forgot, you must be thinkin' that I'm rich
Because I'm rollin' with the rocks

[Verse 4: Consequence]
Ayo, it ain't that I forgot, it's that the (?) is callin'
And you never paid me back
From the time that you broke the toilet
You can (?) us out for callin' to my new vacant house
Cause I need my own space, so I'm sorry you bought 'em out

[Hook: Consequence]
I'm sick and tired of you sittin' around here all day
I'm sick and tired of you smokin' weed in the hallway
But why you worried about me?
Why you worried about what I'm doin' here?
Why you got to embarrass me in front of company?



[Intro: André 3000 + Debra Killings]
Uh-huh, uh-huh, baby, yeah, yeah
Cut it up, oh, oh, oh!
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah, baby, uh-huh
Uh-cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka, cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka
Uh-huh, baby, uh-huh, yeah, yeah
Uh-cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka, cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka
Baby, yeah, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh

[Hook: Big Boi]
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Many a day has passed, the night has gone by
But still I find the time to put that bump off in your eye
Total chaos, for these playas, thought we was absent
We takin' another route to represent the Dungeon Family
Like Great Day, me and my nigga decide to take the back way
We stabbin' every city then we headed to that Bat cave
ATL, Georgia, what do we do for ya?
Bulldoggin' hoes like them Georgetown Hoyas
Boy, you sounding silly, think my Brougham ain't sittin' pretty
Doing doughnuts 'round you suckas like them circles around titties
Damn, we, the committee, gon' burn it down
But us gon' bust you in the mouth with the chorus now, say

[Hook: Big Boi]
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Say, ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

[Verse 2: André 3000]
I met a gypsy and she hipped me to some life game
To stimulate then activate the left and right brain
Said, "Baby boy, you only funky as your last cut
You focus on the past, your ass'll be a 'has-what'"
That's one to live by or either that's one to die to
I try to just throw it at you, determine your own adventure
André, got to her station, here's my destination
She got off the bus, the conversation lingered in my head for hours
Took a shower, kinda sour 'cause my favorite group ain't comin' with it
But I'm witchya 'cause you probably goin' through it anyway
But anyhow, when in doubt, went on out and bought it
'Cause I thought it would be jammin' but examine all the flawsky-wawsky
Awfully sad and it's costly, but that's all she wrote
And I hope I never have to float in that boat
Up shit's creek, "It's weak" is the last quote
That I want to hear when I'm goin' down when all's said and done
And we got a new joe in town
When the record player get to skippin' and slowin' down
All y'all can say is, "Them niggas earned that crown", but until then

[Hook: Big Boi]
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Say ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

[Harmonica Solo: Pastor Robert Hodo]

[Hook: Big Boi]
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Say ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

[Outro: Debra Killings (& Big Boi)]
Uh-huh, uh-huh, baby, yeah, yeah
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah, baby, uh-huh
Uh-huh, baby, uh-huh, yeah, yeah
Baby, yeah, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh, baby, yeah, yeah (Ah ha, hush that fuss, everybody move to the back of the bus)
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah, baby, uh-huh (Do you wanna bump and slump with us? We the type of people make the club get crunk)
Uh-huh, baby, uh-huh, yeah, yeah (Say ah ha, hush that fuss, everybody move to the back of the bus)
Baby, yeah, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh (Do you wanna bump and slump with us? We the type of people make the club get crunk)

[Skit: Raekwon & Outkast]
It's just major right here, you know what I'm saying, yo son, my niggas, your niggas is on it man, straight up man
Word man, glad we got together to do this, you know on time-outs, everybody North, South, East, West, you know what I'm saying, we doing this thing right here straight up for hip-hop
We handling the Earth right now you niggas don't even know
For sure
You know what I mean? If it wasn't for us tryna enlighten y'all niggas with all types of flows and flavors, the game wouldn't be the same
You gotta keep it innovative and new, creative. You know what I'm sayin'? Some people don't wanna hear the same thing old over and over
No doubt, you gotta come provocative nigga, know what I mean? Shit gotta be spine-tingling with mad styles and crazy dangerous, I mean, bust-ya-shit-open beats, you know what I mean? It's like yo, niggas don't even know, son, yo we gon' play some funky shit for ya
That's right
Straight up, pay up, pay up nigga
From East Point to Shaolin, y'all better know that, yeah!
Hit this Henny



[Produced by Kanye West and Jon Brion]

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I know it's past visiting hours
But can I please give her these flowers?
The doctor don't wanna take procedures
He claim her heart can't take the anaesthesia
It'll send her body into a seizure
That lil' thing by the hospital bed, it'll stop beepin
Hey, chick, I'm at a loss for words
What do you say at this time? Remember when I was 9?
Tell her everything gon' be fine, but I be lyin'
Her family cryin', they want her to live, and she tryin'
I'm arguin like what kind of doctor can we fly in
You know the best medicine go to people that's paid
If Magic Johnson got a cure for AIDS
And all the broke motherfuckers passed away
You telling me if my grandma's in the NBA
Right now she'd be okay? But since she
Was just a secretary, worked for the church for 35 years
Things 'sposed to stop right here
My grandfather tryin to pull it together, he's strong
That's where I get my confidence from
I asked the nurse "Did you do the research?"
She asked me, "Can you sign some t-shirts?"
Bitch, is you smokin reefer?
You don't see that we hurt? But still

[Hook]
I smile, when Rosie comes to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day (seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to break

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
They outside of the emergency room, room
You can feel my heartbeat, beat, beat
If she gon' pull through, we gon' find out soon
But right now she asleep, sleep, sleep
My momma say they say she could pass away any day
Hey chick, what these doctors know anyway?
Let me see the X-rays, I ain't no expert, I'm just hurt
Cousin Kim took off of work
Plus my Aunt Shirley, Aunt Beverly, Aunt Clay and Aunt Jean
So many Aunties we could have an Auntie Team
Feel like Amerie, it's just "One Thing"
When they said that she made it you see they eyes gleam
I think we at a all-time high
To get there, we run, we fly, we drive
Cause with my family we know where home is
And so instead of sending flowers, we're the roses

[Hook]
I smile, when Rosie comes to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day (seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to break

(Sung) Oh, Rosie brings the sunshine, oh

[Hook]
I smile, when Rosie comes to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day (seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to break

[Outro (with Patti LaBelle)]
I, smile, when Rosie come to see me
And I'm sad, when Rosie goes away
Oh Rosie brings the sunshine (say)

Can't wait, I can't wait, no
Can't wait, I can't wait, no
Can't wait, I, can't wait
No, can't wait, for, for a sunny day
Momma can't wait, for the clouds to break
Mm mmm mm mm-mm mm-mm
Oh oh oh oh no no, say
Tellin' you the truth now
Said I can't wait, uh-uh
I won't wait, no



[Intro]
Hello, no one is available to take your call
Please leave a message after the tone
Beep

[Verse 1]
I never had the courage to tell you I adore you
I did it in a song, I was too afraid to call you
I know, I know, I'm sorry, I know I'm annoyin'
I just want your attention
Ever since I saw you, knew nothin' was important
Your gravity is too strong and it's fuckin' up my orbit
Contact avoided by the time I record this
I just want you to listen

[Pre-Chorus]
Everytime I see you, yeah, you brighten up my day
You're the cashmere to my cotton and I wished you felt the same
More options in the alphabet, I know I'll be okay-kay-kay
No, I won't...

[Chorus]
'Cause it's them rose tinted cheeks (cheeks, cheeks)
It's them rose tinted cheeks (cheeks, cheeks, cheeks, cheeks)
And it's them rose tinted cheeks (cheeks, cheeks, cheeks, cheeks)
It's them rose tinted cheeks (cheeks, cheeks, cheeks, cheeks)

[Verse 2]
They Black Flag we AF
We BF as AF
But they won't get that
That's that 20 Century Women reference
You so hard to get like intricate metaphors
Companies? I own four
But all I want is yours
Hit the 'plex and catch a band (ooh)
Sushi spot I recommend (ooh)
Float around hittin' wheelies, leg or engine-based, it all depends
Either one is cool to me
And you're way too cool for me
I'ma freeze to death tryna keep up
Thirsty I am, I may need three cups, what's up?

[Pre-Chorus]
Everytime I see you, yeah, you brighten up my day
You're the cashmere to my cotton and I wished you felt the same
More options in the alphabet, I know I'll be okay-kay-kay

[Chorus]
It's them rose tinted cheeks (cheeks, cheeks, cheeks, cheeks)
It's them rose tinted cheeks (cheeks, cheeks, cheeks, cheeks)
And it's them rose tinted cheeks (cheeks, cheeks, cheeks, cheeks)
It's them rose tinted cheeks, uh

[Verse 3]
La-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la
Eye contact, eye contact, eye contact, yeah
Speedin' down the 5 in my newest ride
You was kinda high, speakers mild high
Track 10 track 10, dirt bike afternoons
As long as pale skin's near, I didn't have to leave the room
Switch gears
Roamed around fell in love (fell in love)
Broke my leg, got stuck, what the fuck?
Hit my head, wait, I wish you would fall in too, I said
I wish you would fall in and snap them legs
Cause I'ma be stuck here until I'm dead and gone

[Bridge]
La-la-la, la-la-la, uh
La-la-la, la-la-la
Yeah
La-la-la, la-la-la
La-la-la, la-la-la

[Outro]
I remember when we first met
My eyes, like jeans too tight, I couldn't take 'em off you
You're precious metal I was a magnet just lookin'
I've been searching for somethin'
But didn't know what I was looking for
Then you popped and it became so clear
Like that water up north, so clear
Got me sayin'
Alright, alright
And truthfully now
I'm intimidated by your existence
Flustered because of your presence and
Your absence leaves me, leaves me in a state of confusion... I mean...
I really can't function (ahhh)
La-la-la-la (uh-huh)
I can't explain it (uh-huh)
I'm aware enough to know this is just a temporary pool of emotion (uh-huh, alright)
But since I'm here, I might as well drown, so
Please don't save me (uh-huh)



[Intro: Greg Nice]
"Gang Starr has gots to be the sure shot"
"And it's like that" (Primo scratching)
"Gang Starr has gots to be the sure shot"
"And it's like dat" (Primo scratching)
"Gang Starr has gots to be the sure shot"
"And it's like that" (Primo scratching)
"Gang Starr" "Represent"

[Verse 1: Guru]
One of the meanest and the cleanest
And still I'm kind of fiendish when I'm at this
Been doing this for eons, peons best to catch this
Vision of excellence precise rappin' ability
'Bout to make some dead presidents, macking a million, G
The money though, it's got people acting funny, yo
As soon as some niggas get some light
They be like dummies, yo
Products and puppets and pawns, getting played out
When authentic niggas step up, respect be layed out
Major effect to your sector, I'm the corrector
Live and direct, waving my mic like a sceptor
Supreme exalted, universal leader
Descendent of the kings and queens, the overseer
The overlord, cream of the crop, crème de la crème
Spent years building with cats in the streets, so they my men
Again, Gang Starr has done it
Remember too much jewels back in the days?
You'd have to run it
Check it, the ground be hot under our feet
So we be listening to beats to keep the cypher complete
Whether you kids be holding on the block all day
Or you be puffing lye, out in the back hallway
Or whether you being schooled or in the library
Wherever you are, Baby Pah, realize that your essence
Is divine, son, and let it shine, son, as we refine, son
Ayo, this shit'll blow your mind, son; we're royalty

[Hook: K-Ci and JoJo]
Wherever I go, I want to take nothin' less than the best
Whatever I choose, I choose to do
I have to stand out from all the rest
Whatever I do, wherever I go
I want to take nothin' less than the best
Whatever I choose, I choose to do
I just wanna stand out from all the rest

[Verse 2: Guru]
And all the girls they want to spoil me
My honey anoints me with oils, G
After work she greets me, and treats me like royalty
Works with me, giving herself, by my side
She don't sweat me for loot, my fame, or my ride
A lot of ladies out there be lookin' lovely
But they don't got no control of their life, inside they're ugly
Word to Bugsy, and to Red Alert
Sway and Tech, and Funkmaster Flex to make your head jerk
Chicks go beserk when they see us in the spot
K-Ci, JoJo and Primo, creepin' to the top
And to the sweethearts out there breaking hearts
While we're taking part of this hip-hop art
Listen yo, the best way, it ain't always the fast way
And yes, the best way, it ain't always to act nasty
I'll open up the door always before you pass me
Baby Doll, because you're royalty

[Hook: K-Ci and JoJo]
Wherever I go, I want to take nothin' less than the best
Whatever I choose, I choose to do
I have to stand out from all the rest
Whatever I do, wherever I go
I want to take nothin' less than the best
Whatever I choose, I choose to do
I just wanna stand out from all the rest

[Outro: Greg Nice]
"Gang Starr has to gots to be the sure shot"
"And it's like that" (Primo scratching)

[K-Ci and JoJo freestyle singing]

[Outro: DJ Premier]
To whom it may concern
This goes out to anybody who’s doing the bullshit, straight up
Yo, everybody’s calling me, my lawyer, everybody on this, ‘yo did you scratch such n such name?
Or this, that, and the third on the record for a hook?’
Y’all keep calling me on that shit and y’all supposed to be hip hoppers and all that, and letting the industry control the rules of the hip hop world that we made?
Y’all need to knock that shit off, that’s some greedy-ass, fake bullshit!
Knock that shit off for real!
Y'know'm sayin'?
And when that shit come and slap you in the face, that greed, I’ma be right there laughing at y’all…
And one other thing… What’s the deal with you break-record cats putting out all the original records that we sample from and snitching by puttin us on the back of it sayin we used stuff?
You *know* how that go!
Stop doing that, y’all are violatin', straight up and down!
Word up, man, I’m sick of this shit
Y’all muthafuckas really don’t know what this hip hop is all about
So while you keep on faking the funk, we gonna keep on walkin' through the darkness, carryin' our torches
Underground will live forever, baby
We just like roaches, never dyin', always livin'…
And on that note, let's get back to the program…



[Produced by Rick Rubin & RZA]

[Intro: RZA]
Huh, after all these years, what you said was true
The Shaolin and the Wu-Tang is very dangerous

Hahahahahah

[Interlude 1: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
It's the ODB kid, once again coming through your area
And I'm going to tell you one time, you gon' love this

[Verse 1: Inspectah Deck]
I had to get the money, said it wasn't a choice
Die Hard's on the bars, Ladies lovin' the voice
Morphine flow, numbing your joints
Bomb a nigga like he number 81 from Detroit
Zombie life, World War Z
Antidote to your virus, your highness, the world on me
Capital G, cool as the dude from Dos Equis
So deadly, I don't make it rain, I snow heavy
Sick lane, Nic Cage how I ride with fire
Forever with bars, sort of like a lifer
With the son of anarchy, I be breaking bad
Walking dead, day dreaming of making a band
Dancing with the stars, Americans idol me
The mentalist with the Big Bang Theory

[Hook: Method Man]
Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one
Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one

[Verse 2: U-God]
The most duplicated, anticipated, validated
Urban legends in the books with the ones who made it
Highly celebrated, everything was work related
Current top 40 got the Wu deep in all their business
20 years Killa Bees, yeah, we hold the pennant
Monumental stance on the cover with my co-defendants
Drop her sentence, in remembrance
Construct these jewels so they can live through my descendants

[Bridge: Method Man]
Youngun, I can see your draws, pull your pants up
Can't even call yourself a man until you man up
And if you call yourself a fan you need to stand up
This ain't a party, it's a jux, keep your hands up
And I don't care who runs the city when the summer come
Your summer's done, Wu forever, and we're still number one

[Hook]
Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one
Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one

[Verse 4: Cappadonna]
Picture a nigga on the strip getting rich off the drug shit
Putting other niggas on, teaching ‘em thug shit
Then they want stick 'em up, then they get slugs quick
Hood-type niggas always living that crime life
Jealous-ass grimy niggas seeing the limelight
Slimy old nigga like fucking your man’s wife
Fool shouldn't use the word brother, he man dyke

[Verse 5: Ghostface Killah]
Yo, I spin my web all across New York
Get it out in all types of ice, there's a sport
One chain, two chain, three chain, four
Niggas mouth's drop like the leaves in the fall
Tone got that WBC
I take off heavy in air balloons and land in the Fiji's
That's my bird and that's my word
You faggots keep fucking around and get curbed
(I came to town)

[Verse 6: GZA]
Forms circles like the rings of Saturn
Dust rocks and ice in a particular pattern
Then this fascinating picture has emerged from surface
A wonder of the young world with an urgent purpose
A wild fire engulfing every home
It's history chiseled and carved in every stone
A workshop where skills are learned
Handcrafted and drafted, written works the main concern
Urban center provided with a social structure
And a curious culture full of superconductors
Each stain is part of a scene with
Intricate geometric raps on a larger screen
Spell bounding, marvelous and it's surrounding
Viewpoints remain the same, it's all astounding
A place where the forgotten art is so powerful
A striking image is something that's so valuable

[Interlude 2: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
This one's the blackout! Three-fifty-seven to your mouth!

[Interlude 3: RZA]
GZA, this is called Ruckus In B Minor
Rae, all those bad times is behind us
Ghost, put that mask on to remind us
Method Man, let 'em know who's New York's finest

[Bridge: Method Man]
Youngun, I can see your draws, pull your pants up
Can't even call yourself a man until you man up
And if you call yourself a fan you need to stand up
This ain't a party, it's a jux, keep your hands up
And I don't care who runs the city when the summer come
Your summer's done, Wu forever, and we're still number one

[Hook: Method Man]
Still number one, still number one, one, one
Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one
Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one

[During hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Now I'mma let all you motherfuckers know
Whether you from Brooklyn, whether you from Manhattan
You from Queens nigga
I don't give a fuck, where you be motherfucker!

[Verse 6: Raekwon]
My lines is like Peruvian coke, go ahead and try one
My recipe is A1 remarkable with my mixture
Rainman mathematician, this city slicker
The finest threads cover my frame, the cloths of royalty
Strive with an army of winners and no pretenders
(*One*) We live free and achieve more
But first we gotta win with no stalemate
The all eye seeing is victorious biz to the sound man

[Verse 7: Masta Killa]
Armored trucks, tanks are bulletproof, been the truth
Loot the track, clear the booth, my thought ready, aim, shoot
My knowledge one twenty proof, let's tear the roof off
Let's spray, M-A-S-T-A
King I Love-Love club, pack stadium rock
I hold the mic snug, split a slug
Black ninja, mask and gloves

[Hook]
Still number one, still number one
[Outro]



[Intro: ScHoolboy Q]
Fuck you running for nigga?
Aye nigga, come here nigga
Let me try that hat on
I told you come over here stupid bitch
Come over here with that weak ass hat

[Verse: Tyler, The Creator]
All y'all niggas smoking y'all brains out
In the car called life take the lame route
Going nowhere fast but you think that you not
Cause you never hesitate to take the thang out
In the drop top, pop the trunk then pop pop
At his drop top, took another lame out
Oh you the big nigga? Took a hit nigga?
Well I hope you understand you ain't shit nigga
Cause them niggas whole purpose is to get niggas
And make sure that your mama cry the pain out
Now that gang is out to get you
But you stuck in the same house
Nigga never came out, wow
It's a shame how you got sucked in that life
But hey man at least you got a name now
They say you a "real nigga" cause you kill niggas
Nuts for that ice and that cream banana peel niggas
Banana clips spill, niggas wanna bang out
For they approval boy, you can't even hang out
That light you hit, it was the light I held
That's why you never ever see me with my chains out
I don't need to, truth they don't feed you
Lies what they got on their plate, they gon eat you
They got a homie called Karma he gon meet you
Better look the other way if he ever see you
And run as fast as you can, nigga

[Outro: Chaz Bundick and ScHoolboy Q]
That's the shit I be talkin' bout, though
We ain't try'na hear that shit, my nigga
Cuz, stay preachy cuz
Like nigga come on homie
I don't wanna hear that shit, preachy shit my nigga
Yeah, we all black, who give a fuck, cuz?
I don't give a fuck, nigga
Whatchu mean?



[Bridge-Arie Dixon]
I never thought I'd feel
The same as that feeling that I felt when I felt about you
And all my friends know it
But they don't say it cause, I'm not the same without, you
And I can't deny it, even if I try it, shit
I know it's so true
And as crazy as it sounds, you'll never know what I go through

[Verse 1 - Arie Dixon]
I'm not gonna lie though, I'm feelin like I died slow
Sitting back like damn, where did time go
Lookin back with regeret cause I know
When you left, a part of me died slow
I kinda sorta feel defeated
I'm disappointed cause this missions incompleted
But, I can't believe that I'm free now
The noose's loose around my neck, I can breathe now
Cause, I would've told you go fuck yourself
You ain't care about shit, but yourself
Try to treat me like half a man
I should've fucked your best friend when I had the chance
Holy shit, this hoe's a trick
She tryna hit me up now like I owe her shit
Fuck that bitch, you can kiss my asshole
Because of you I am an asshole

Cause you always find, yes you always find
Bitch you always find something wrong
And i've been puttin up with your shit just way too long
Because of you

[Hook]
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerkoffs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

[Verse 2 - Kanye West]
She find pictures in my e-mail
I sent this bitch a picture of my dick
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good with that shit
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hoodrats
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at

[Bridge (2)- Kanye West]
Run away from me, baby, run away
Run away from me, baby, run away
It's about to get crazy, why can't she just, run away?
Baby, I got a plan, run away fast as you can

[Verse 3- Pusha T]
24/7, 365, pussy stays on my mind
I-I-I-I did it, all right, all right, I admit it
Now pick your next move, you could leave or live wit' it
Ichabod Crane with that motherfucking top off
Split and go where? Back to wearing knockoffs, haha
Knock it off, Neiman's, shop it off
Let's talk over mai tais, waitress, top it off
Hoes like vultures, wanna fly in your Freddy loafers
You can't blame 'em, they ain't never seen Versace sofas
Every bag, every blouse, every bracelet
Comes with a price tag, baby, face it
You should leave if you can't accept the basics
Plenty hoes in the balla-nigga matrix
Invisibly set, the Rolex is faceless
I'm just young, rich, and tasteless
P!

[Bridge]
[Hook]



[Produced by Kanye West, co-produced by Emile, Jeff Bhasker, & Mike Dean]

[Intro]
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya
Look at ya, look at ya, look at ya, look at ya
Ladies and gentlemen, l-ladies and gentlemen

[Chorus: Kanye West]
And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
She find pictures in my e-mail
I sent this bitch a picture of my dick
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good with that shit
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hoodrats
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at

[Chorus: Kanye West]
And I always find, yeah, I always find
Yeah I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

[Bridge: Kanye West]
Run away from me, baby, run away
Run away from me, baby, run away
When it starts to get crazy, why can't she just, run away?
Baby, I got a plan, run away fast as you can

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
24/7, 365, pussy stays on my mind
I-I-I-I did it, all right, all right, I admit it
Now pick your next move, you could leave or live wit' it
Ichabod Crane with that motherfucking top off
Split and go where? Back to wearing knockoffs, haha
Knock it off, Neiman's, shop it off
Let's talk over mai tais, waitress, top it off
Hoes like vultures, wanna fly in your Freddy loafers
You can't blame 'em, they ain't never seen Versace sofas
Every bag, every blouse, every bracelet
Comes with a price tag, baby, face it
You should leave if you can't accept the basics
Plenty hoes in the balla-nigga matrix
Invisibly set, the Rolex is faceless
I'm just young, rich, and tasteless, P!

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Never was much of a romantic
I could never take the intimacy
And I know I did damage
Cause the look in your eyes is killing me
I guess you are at an advantage
Cause you can blame me for everything
And I don't know how I'mma manage
If one day you just up and leave

[Chorus: Kanye West]
And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

[Outro]



[Produced by Kanye West & No I.D]

[Intro: Rihanna]
Feel it comin' in the air
Hear the screams from everywhere
I’m addicted to the thrill
It's a dangerous love affair
Can’t be scared when it goes down
Got a problem, tell me now
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who's gon' run this town tonight
Is who's gon' run this town tonight
We gon' run this town!

[Verse 1: Jay Z]
We are, yeah, I said it: we are
This is Roc Nation, pledge your allegiance
Get your fatigues on, all black everything
Black cards, black cars, all black everything
And our girls are blackbirds ridin' with they Dillingers
I get more in depth if you boys really real enough
This is la Familia, I'll explain later
But for now, let me get back to this paper
I'm a couple bands down and I'm tryin' to get back
I gave Doug a grip and lost a flip for five stacks
Yeah, I'm talkin' 5 comma, 6 zeros, dot zero, here Doug
Back to runnin' circles round niggas, now we squared up
Hold up!

[Hook: Rihanna]
Life’s a game, but it's not fair
I break the rules, so I don’t care
So I keep doin' my own thang
Walkin' tall against the rain
Victory’s within the mile
Almost there, don’t give up now
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who’s gon' run this town tonight
Heyyy, heyy, heyyy, heyy
Who’s gon' run this town tonight?

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
We are, yeah, I said it: we are
You can call me Caesar, in a dark Caesar
Please follow the leader, so Eric B we are
Microphone fiend, this the return of the God
Peace, God, ah ah, it ain't no nobody fresher
I'm in Maison, ah, Martin Margiela
On the table, screamin'
"Fuck the other side! They're jealous!"
We got a banquette full of broads
They got a table full of fellas
Yeah, and they ain't spendin' no cake
They should throw their hand in
‘Cause they ain't got no spades
Yeah, my whole team got dough
So my banquette is lookin' like millionaires' row

[Hook: Rihanna]
Life’s a game, but it's not fair
I break the rules, so I don’t care
So I keep doin' my own thang
Walkin' tall against the rain
Victory’s within the mile
Almost there, don’t give up now
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who’s gon' run this town tonight
Heyyy, heyy, heyyy, heyy
Who’s gon' run this town tonight?

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
It's crazy how you can go from bein' Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick; no homo
I bought my whole family whips; no Volvos
Next time I’m in church: please, no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This the fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for, to push a fuckin' Rav 4?
But I know that if I stay stunting
All these girls only gon' want one thing
I can spend my whole life goodwill hunting
Only good gon' come is this good when I'm cumming
She got a ass that'll swallow up a G-string
And up top, ungh, two bee stings
And I'm beasting off the Riesling
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that your dude bring
I'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to try some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
"What's that, Ye?" "Baby, these heels."
"Is that a May— what?!" "Baby, these wheels."
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feelin' like you runnin', huh? Now you know how we feel

[Outro: Jay Z & Rihanna]
Whassup!
Heyyy, heyy, heyyy, heyy
Yeah, yeah, whassup!
Heyyy, heyy, heyyy, heyy
We gon' run this town tonight



[Intro]
"I'm saying, you know, like. All I ever told you to do was grow up, don't grow down. You know, like, you know, grow up. Don't grow down, grow out. You go from being a kid, just doing your thing, hanging out with your friends. Months later you're world famous. You're a gay rights activist, and you don't even know it. You know what, I don't wanna say it to you no more, Tyler. Fuck you, Tyler!"

[Verse 1: Domo Genesis]
Watch me get this money, nigga; tired of being hungry, nigga
Nothing funny, sass me while I'm thrashing, I'ma punch you, nigga
Never made of plastic, I'm a savage -- you look lunch, my nigga
Passing all you hating fucking fags we don't discuss, my nigga
We ain't on no jolly shit and we don't pop no Mollies, bitch
I'm hocking, spitting got some niggas out here popping Ollie switch
Buncha novices, Odd Future the squad is thick
Them young niggas is back and brash, attacking with no common sense
We the last of a dying breed
And we don't give a fuck, so we cannot supply your needs
You stupid niggas who had said our hype is dying, please
My pockets solid, making profit off the highest tees
Bitch, merch twerk as I get on the verse, cursing
Nigga Dom so cool, I refer him in third person
Watch me get this money, I'm up when the birds chirping
Make actions, fuck rehearsing

[Hook: Domo Genesis]
Nigga, summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
In a world where kids my age are popping Mollies with leather
Sitting on Tumblr, never outside or enjoying the weather
Can name a sweater, but not a talent or don't know if whether
Or not they got one, tried to change their life for the better
I was the drama club kid, I run where the fun did, my nuts itched
I was defiant, always said, "Fuck shit"
Hated the popular ones, now I'm the popular one
Also hated homes too, til I start coppin' me some
See I don't beez in the trap, nigga, I beez in the b's
And I be gassing up my buzz like some bees at a Shell
Fucking sick and getting bigger like I sneezed on Adele
And bitches getting touchy-feely like they reading some Braille
I bust quick like gun-holders with short tempers, and well
I tried to tell the kids, like fuck it, start being yourself
These fucking rappers got stylists cause they can't think for themselves
See, they don't have an identity, so they needed some help, but
Really, boy? Poseurs looking silly, boy
I'm in that past season 'Preme shit, older than Tity Boi
Not a diss, but same with ice cream, my shit is Diddy Riese
Na'kel Smith, Transworld page 64
Poppin' like oil ollie in fire flames
I'm harder than DJ Khaled playing the fucking quiet game
The fuck am I saying? Tyler's not even a violent name
About as threatening as stained windbreakers in hurricanes
But he rapes women, and spit wrong, like he hates dentists
God damn menace, 666 and he's not finished
And my shit's missing, he hates women, but love kittens?
See y'all niggas tripping, man
Look at that article that says my subject matter is wrong
Saying I hate gays even though Frank is on 10 of my songs
Look at that Mom who thinks I'm evil, hold that grudge against me
Though I'm the reason that her motherfucking son got to eat
Look at the kid who had the 9 and tried to blow out his mind
But talk is money, I said, "Hi," I guess I bought him some time
Look at the ones in the crowd -- that shit is barnacles, huh?
They thought I wasn't fair until I threw a carnival, huh?
But then again, I'm an atheist that just worships Satan
And it's probably why I'm not getting no fucking album placements
And MTV could suck my dick, and I ain't fuckin' playing
Bruh, they never played it, I just won shit for they fucking ratings
"Analog" fans are getting sick of the rape
All the "Tron Cat" fans are getting sick of the lakes
But what about me, bitch? I'm getting sick of complaints
But I don't hate it when I'm taking daily trips to the bank
Oh but no but, shit, who really gives a fuck what I think?
My fans don't, they turning on me, shit, they're almost extinct
Fuck buying studio time, I'ma go purchase a shrink
Record the session and send all you motherfuckers a link, bitch

[Hook: Domo Genesis]
Nigga, summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine

[Hook: Domo Genesis]
Summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine

[Verse 3: Earl Sweatshirt]
This shit just like the nights I look forward to not remembering
So much for being sober, I hope that you can forgive me
But Momma, I'm close to the edge as possible (Why don't you jump, you fucking pussy?)
All I’m seeing is the drop in my ocular, jumping like they told me
That the 40's half off, like you know that cliff
Don't need a therapist to tell him he could float that shit (Fucking faggot)
Or get compared to fucking pair with all the program kids
So maybe a pair of pale bitches for the gonads lick (I'll show you)
Malt liquor filling me up, and all us not giving no fucks and
All of them sensitive chumps in awe when that pistol erupts (Pistol, I got one!)
Dirty one spitting that sumpy raw till his wrists in the cuffs
Brother the Pigeons is us
Bid you goodnight and good luck
(Oh, shut the fuck up!)
(Gunshot)

[Sam]
Samuel's here! Where's Wolf? Fucking faggot. Salem was mine, bitch! Was that good enough, you fucking pussy?



[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
Sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home
Sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home
Well, the walls are talking to me and I know you think I'm wrong
But sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home, hey!

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Now when the phone start to click in, your words start to echo
Say you got to hang up but the man won't let go
Oh, my nigga say it ain't so
Now we speaking on some niggas that he say he ain't know
We used to steal dirt bikes, dodge raindrops
So close niggas thought we had the same pops
Graduated, gettin' money on the same blocks
But things changed and we ain't end up in the same box
Hearing whispers, "it ain't adding up"
Giving you the jailhouse talk but you ain't mad enough
I never thought I'd be the last man standing up
I never thought I'd had have to question "Were you man enough?"
Long letters how the streets got the best of you
Telling all your cellies how come I ain't sitting next to you
Yeah, see I can read between the lines
So it's awkward when you call and I gotta press 5

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
Sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home
Sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home
I think the Feds are looking through me, can't you hear it in my tone?
So then sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home, hey!

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Got me tiptoeing through the conversation on our calls
Tryna act normal but the writing is on the wall
It's like I hear you smiling when you heard they hit the wall
But I just let it ride so I don't be the next to fall
"They sayin' Terrion been getting money while I'm gone
And won't he tryna to holla at my bitch when I was home"
"Nah, he selling cars, it'd be him and Lil Rome"
I'm just tryna offset what he was saying on my phone
Nowadays niggas don't need shovels to bury you
Pointing fingers like pallbearers how they carry you
So much for death before dishonor
Might as well have a robe and gavel like your honor
I just sit and wonder, play it by the numbers
When you ride like lightning then you crash like thunder
Seen your baby mama, she ain't even know if she should speak
What the fuck is there to say knowing her king's now weak saying...

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
Sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home
Sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home
Well, the walls are talking to me and I know you think I'm wrong
But sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home, hey!

[Verse 3: Pusha T]
Let's talk real niggas, let's speak real, nigga
How many niggas you knew snitching you ain't killed, nigga?
Covered his own tracks, he didn't care that
We had a legacy he killed, I got to wear that
Every move we ever made is getting stared at
I bet the man inside his mirror doesn't stare back
Break your heart when the man you call your brother
Be the same one that setting in motion all them undercovers
Called my mom mother, was at my graduation
When I signed my record deal you was my motivation
Uh, from great friends now it's no affiliation
Divided by the time he was facing, once he told me that...

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
Sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home
Sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home
Well, the walls are talking to me and I know you think I'm wrong
But sorry nigga, I'm tryna come home, hey!



[Intro: Kanye West]
Yeah, 9:08 L.A. time
Back in the lab and shit

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
My wife said, I can't say no to nobody
And at this rate we gon' both die broke
Got friends that ask me for money knowin' I'm in debt
And like my wife said, I still didn't say no
People tryna say I'm goin' crazy on Twitter
My friends' best advice was to stay low
I guess it's hard to decipher all of the bills
Especially when you got family members on payroll
The media said it was outlandish spendin'
The media said he's way out of control
I just feel like I'm the only one not pretendin'
I'm not out of control, I'm just not in they control
I know I'm the most influential
That TIME cover was just confirmation
This generation's closest thing to Einstein
So don't worry about me, I'm fine
I can see a thousand years from now in real life
Skate on the paradigm and shift it when I feel like
Troll conventional thought, don't need to question
I know it's antiquated so sometimes I get aggressive
Thank God for Jay Electra, he down with the mission
Did it with no permission, on our own conditions
Most blacks with money have been beaten to submission
Yeezy with the big house, did it way different
Never listen to Hollywood producers
Don't stare at money too long, it's Medusa
The ultimate Gemini has survived
I wasn't supposed to make it past 25

[Chorus: Sampha]
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
Oh, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
(Father, Father, Father in the night sky)
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
Yeah, I feel like I'm home, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I've been wakin' the spirits of millions more to come
A million illegally downloaded my truth over the drums
I believe in the children, listen to the kids, bro
If the phone ringin', go and get your kids, ho
Brother Don Muhammad told the minister about the presentation
He sat back and smiled
Black on black lies is worse than black on black crime
The Jews share their truth on how to make a dime
Most black men couldn't balance a checkbook
But buy a new car, talkin' 'bout "how my neck look?"
Well, it all looks great
Four hundred years later, we buyin' our own chains
The light is before us brothers, so the devil workin' hard
Real family stick together and see through the mirage
The smokescreens, perceptions of false reality
Who the real owner if your boss gets a salary?
I am one with the people
I am one with the people (real!)
I've been woken from enlightened man's dream
Checkin' Instagram comments to crowdsource my self-esteem
Let me not say too much or do too much
'Cause if I'm up way too much, I'm out of touch
I'm prayin' a out-of-body experience will happen
So the people can see my light, now it's not just rappin'
God, I have humbled myself before the court
Drop my ego and confidence was my last resort
I know, I know He got a plan, I know I'm on Your beams
One set of footsteps, You was carryin' me
When I turned on the news and they was buryin' me
One set of footsteps, You was carryin' me
When I was negotiatin' with Apple, it was Larry and me
Told Tim Cook to call me, I was scary to see
I would've took a hundred million and gave 20 to Hov
I heard it's the way they did it when we only had a stove
But it's better that I stayed at home with my folks
'Cause if Jay a billionaire then I'ma never go broke
Only thing I ask is next time I'm on stage we all go
We all go
Not just by myself, lookin' for niggas like where's Waldo
She got the same shoes as my wife but she copped 'em at Aldo
Modern-day MJ, with a off-the-wall flow

[Bridge: Sampha]
Nightlife, walk all over me
Walk all over me
I'm deliverin' everything I've ever sent that you'll bring
Fly, fly, fly overseas
Fly overseas
Oh, anywhere, everything but in between
Oh, yeah

[Chorus: Sampha]
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
Oh, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
(Father, Father, Father in the night sky)
Oh, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
(Father, Father, Father in the night sky)

[Verse 3: Sampha]
Please face me when I speak
Please say to me somethin' before you leave
You've been treatin' me like I'm invisible, now I'm visible to you
Oh, the invisible truths they sold
I can't quite understand the games you play
Understand, understand, understand I'm standin' under oath
And I promised I, I wouldn't fall anymore
But I'm cryin' at the bar
I'm wishin' that you saw my scars, man
I'm wishin' that you came down here and stood by me
And looked at me like you knew me
But I feel so alone
Like I don't know anyone except the night sky above

[Chorus: Sampha]
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
Oh, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
(Father, Father, Father in the night sky)
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
Oh, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
(Father, Father, Father in the night sky)



[Chorus 1]
We don't do the same drugs no more
We don't do the, we don't do the same drugs, do the same drugs no more
'Cause she don't do the same drugs no more
We don't do the, we don't do the same drugs, do the same drugs no more

[Verse 1]
When did you change?
Wendy, you've aged
I thought you'd never grow up
I thought you'd never
Window closed, Wendy got old
I was too late, I was too late
A shadow of what I once was

[Chorus 2]
'Cause we don't do the same drugs no more
We don't do the, we don't do the same drugs, do the same drugs no more
She don't laugh the same way no more
We don't do the, we don't do the same drugs, do the same drugs no more

[Verse 2]
Where did you go?
Why did you stay?
You must have lost your marbles
You always were so forgetful
In a hurry, don't wait up
I was too late, I was too late
A shadow of what I once was
'Cause we don't, we don't do what we say we're gonna
You were always perfect, and I was only practice
Don't you miss the days, stranger?
Don't you miss the days?
Don't you miss the danger?

[Chorus 3: Chance The Rapper + (Eryn Allen Kane)]
We don't (we don't) do the same drugs no more (do the same drugs no more)
We don't do the, we don't do the same drugs, do the same drugs no more
We don't (we don't) do the same drugs no more (do the same drugs no more)
We don't do the, we don't do the same drugs, do the same drugs no more
We don't do the, we don't do the same drugs

[Outro: Chance The Rapper + (Eryn Allen Kane)]
(Turn it around
I remember when
This age of pathetics)
Don't forget the happy thoughts
All you need is happy thoughts
The past tense, past bed time
Way back then when everything we read was real
And everything we said rhymed
Wide eyed kids being kids
Why did you stop?
What did you do to your hair?
Where did you go to end up right back here?
When did you start to forget how to fly?
(It's so natural
Just like Juicy Fruit
Works like a magic trick
Please give me half of that
We don't, we don't, we don't)
Don't you color out
Don't you bleed on out, oh
Stay in the line, stay in the line
Dandelion
(Do the same drugs no more
We don't do the, we don't do the same drugs, do the same drugs no more
We don't, we don't, we don't....)
Don't you color out
Don't you bleed on out, oh
Stay in the line, stay in the line
Dandelion



[Verse 1: Tyler]
Who the heck invited Mr. (I Don't Wanna Cuss)
Who cries about his dad in a blog (Because he always fusses)
Boy you messing up and truthfully I've had enough
And screw rolling papers (I'm a rebel dog, I'm asking what?)
Full of crap like I ate that john
Come on kids (Screw that class and hit that thong)
Let's buy stuff and get those kids with dads and moms
With nice homes, 41k's (And those shiny lawns)
Those little punks gotta learn, we ain't takin no mess
What's up man? Do your best
Cause I don't have no home meal to come to
So if you do I'm throwing fingers out screaming (Umm, ooh?)
I got a bunch of these, a bunch of these
Not Dahm, if I was a Dahm I would be Humpty
Green hat the color of a leprechaun with leprosy
Really 'bout it 'bout it like I'm Master P (In sixty five)
It's really immaculate the way your girl be smacking (Me)
Surprised she hasn't did school stuff in the alley oop
Golf Wang hooligans messing up the school again
Showing you and yours that doing stuff is really cool again
I'm going harder than a midget jumping over me
Look at my hat, it's cool
Punches to the stomach where that other stuff's supposed to be
Forget this man, yeah!

[Hook]
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Gang, triple six crew
(Turn me up, put your hands in the air, go Hodgy)

[Verse 2: Hodgy]
My love is gone for you Tommy, you can go figure
Now it's time for me to be a real, hey (Hold up)
This beat is real nice (Woo! Drop that, Sydney!)
So I'mma spit like I ain't never spit before
And I'mma walk through that.. door (Woo!)
And I'mma make all that.. dough
So is you messing with me? No
This that Wolf Gang, this that, this that Wolf Gang
Green hats and green gats, knocking everybody on their back
Mess around with me and I'm gon scratch your cat, uh!

[Hook]

[Outro: Hodgy]
They don't know us, they don't know us
They don't know where we from, they don't know nothing
I ain't joking



[Verse 1: Tyler, the Creator]
After filling my reputation of whore beaters
Soared to Taco Bell and I ordered some gorditas
(Mmm, that's good!) Wanted four more, ordered em, then eat em
Then head to Thebe's house for some gymnastics
Fantastic, I backflip on this beat B
Cause we running shit like the Dingleberries on four cheetahs
Flow colder than Papa Joe's, old Domino's
Fuck it, whatever
Um... Trashwang scratched inside the knucks
Got some One Direction tickets, I should hit that up
Drive by with puppy signs plastered on the truck
Then see how many of they fans could fit inside the trunk
Move over the microwave and the cannabis
Try to take the van and the whole band to Canada
Fuck the block news and the venues, they can't handle us
They can't stand us including fruits that Frank's channeling
The Ku Klux Klan see me and my managers
But thank me when they ask where the Five Panels is
Man, I suck now, I ain't still dope
But Chris and Rihanna's fuckin' again so there's still hope
Oh fuck, I went there, balling bitch, I'm Ben's hair
Y'all barely breaking like Taco's self-esteem in a thin chair
Old Navy bitches love this gap, yeah this grin's rare
Watch a nigga smile like five-year-old child
I'm kicking it with Nak and the nigga from Green Mile, it's
Red Bull in this cup so a nigga may seem wild but
That's just all the sherm I was burning a little while ago
Don't let me get hold of that rifle
Shout my nigga Sage Elsseser and Sean Pablo
Surrounded by them niggas that skate with a sick style
And some freckled bitches with giant peaches that's vile
They never did catch that rhino

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
Squadron full of some lost souls
Sergeant of all, it's autumn and Nak just nollied a pothole
Non-cooperative with his momma's wishes for college
And coppers labeled a  problem since paying for Damianos
So shimmy through the swamp, nigga, follow me through the foxholes
Moral Orenthal with a pretty bitch in a Bronco
Hopped right off the seven and stumbled into some Vatos
Threw a punch, got jumped, dusted off and then walked home
Shit, it's like 6 P.M. and his temple throbbing
Hand in the cabinet by seven, sniff the prescription oxies
Logo in the boxes, all my niggas hostile
Cautious of your crosses, scoffing at your doctrines
Bitches augmented, stupid, as the group is, only slightly
Write precise to get a pussy nigga tooth chipped
Man these stitches shut the loose lips, stumbled in a Ruth's Chris
Slid into a booth and hid the luggage from his shroom trips
See, Lionel ball with Leonardo on the weekend now
And Maui on a scenic route, we on the second season now
Small fry got 'em seasons salty, weeded, coughing
Ease up off me, end is breathing easy as bulimics barfing
From a different breed of doggy, from a different seed and cloth
And teeing off, believe it's Golf Wang, nigga



[Verse 1: Dom McLennon]
Everybody wanna be a star (okay)
Everybody wanna be real (for sure)
All I wanted was to be a king (okay)
Give the people something they can feel (for sure)
I don't really got a lot of time (okay)
Got a lot of birds I need to kill (for sure)
Not enough stones in my hand (okay)
That's because I like what's in the deal
So I gotta deal with it, accordingly
Stars aligning my hands now
You create your own reality
Just gotta understand the circumstances now
I roll a leaf around a couple grams
Yeah I know I ain't perfect but I gotta plan now
I like to roll around in my problems before I burn 'em down
Burn 'em down
So don't judge me

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
All I ever wanted was a dad (okay)
All I ever wanted was a slab (for sure)
All I ever wanted was some grills (okay)
All I ever wanted was a bitch (for sure)
All I ever wanted was respect (okay)
All I ever wanted was a gun (for sure)
All I ever wanted was some BAPE (okay)
All I ever wanted was some braids
All I ever wanted was the fame
All I ever wanted was a sidekick
All I ever wanted was some wealth
All I ever wanted was a Pocket Rocket
All I ever wanted was Rihanna
All I ever wanted was a MySpace
All I ever wanted was a MacBook
All I ever wanted was a family

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them
Motherfuckers ain't real, I'll show them

[Outro: Joba]
Things I never had
Made me who I am
These things I never had
Made me who I am
I hate myself
Said I hate myself
The things I never had
Made me who I am
These things I never had
Made me who I am
Things I never had
These things I never had
Made me who I am



[Verse 1: Ameer Vann]
Martin Luther movement back, I just bought a Cadillac
I ain't put no rims on it, niggas don't know how to act
"Where the fuck you get this cash?"
Questions that my momma ask
Woke up naked on the beach, pretty bitch in the sand
Take a pic in the sand, point and shoot in the head
None of these hit the brain, it all goes

[Hook: Kevin Abstract]
Don't worry 'bout me, hey
Don't worry 'bout me, hey
Don't worry 'bout me, hey
Don't worry 'bout me, hey
Don't worry 'bout me, hey
Don't worry 'bout me, hey
Don't worry 'bout me, hey
Don't worry 'bout me (hey)

[Verse 2: Merlyn Wood]
And when I was a young one, I walked with a headphone
When I was a young one they wouldn't let me have one
They said "you no can't have none", said "you no respect none"
But I do that, ride like an idiot, you can never see me
Y'all dumb piglets, I got a feeling
Somethin' in your stomach, your ten toes
Bendin' shit like I'm on it
Got my hundreds wrapped up tighter
Than your ass, in them tighty-wities
I got me, like it, I got what I like it
I get what I like it, uh, uh
Bruh, but I get it, I like it, yo, I got this, yeah, I got this
I look at you, I got this, yo, I got this
I look at you, I got this, I got this
LMAO, I split your legs like some fuckin' mayo
I call your daddy and your momma and run in they home
'Cause I'm a asshole, I'm a wild ass nig, you know
'Cause I ain't really get attention when I was younger
I don't, uh, all I ever had was the hunger
And a need for the money
It's late in the night, I had munchies
It don't stop, man, it fuckin' not stoppin'
When the flow choppin, when the beat drop
I can feel the floor drop, I can feel the ceiling rise
I can feel myself high, yeah, and the girls say "Hi"
So please tell me why, that I drop this new, man
All these hits in 5:57
When I'm feelin' fly in a 747
Yeah, I think it's just me and my brethren



[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em leanin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
I'm by myself, I'll probably turn up by myself
I keep up late on my work because I can't find no help
You make me feel like such a loser
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em leanin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
I'm by myself, I'll probably turn up by myself
I keep up late on my work because I can't find no help
You make me feel like such a loser

[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
A loser, a rental
A dentist, I been to
And take a lose from me and I'll be out it, out it
Tryna make y' smile, wanna make out
But I'm too childish, childish
Fucked a loser, in his rental
A dentist, I been to

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em leanin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
I'm by myself, I'll probably turn up by myself
I keep up late on my work because I can't find no help
You make me feel like such a loser
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em leanin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
I'm by myself, I'll probably turn up by myself
I keep up late on my work because I can't find no help
You make me feel like such a loser

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
You got freckles on your lip, lip, lip
They might give you cancer, shit, shit, shit
Wring your wrist and take a swish, swish, swish
Big hole, flushin' out the script, script, script
Backwoods, blowin' off a zip, zip, zip
So we still spit the belt, ain't no heaven on a hell
Brush your hair so I see your—

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em leanin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
I'm by myself, I'll probably turn by myself
I keep up late on my work because I can't find no help
You make me feel like such a loser
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em leanin' out the other side
From the smog and the smoke
Had 'em checkin' out the other side
I'm by myself, I'll probably turn up by myself
I keep up late on my work because I can't find no help
You make me feel like such a loser

[Verse 3: Ameer Vann]
I don't wanna be sober
So I can lie to my lovers
Got sad and said I loved her
I was high, I ain't mean it
I ain't lyin', I got problems
I'll leave for no reason
Make love with no feelings
I be your nigga for the evening

[Verse 4: Dom McLennon]
In between the bridges filled with kerosene
Are words we never said, turned into a routine
My feelings still remain unseen
Can't intervene with anything that's on the screen
When life is playin', they play games and expect me to pick a team
I can't win, I can't breathe, everything ain't what it seems
I played my case and then erase my underlying self-esteem
I know it's awful for my health, I know it all becomes extreme
I can't redeem from this regime that's invaded all of my dreams
From the asphalt to the steam, we found a theme then made a scene
At the moment that the guillotine was the only vaccine don't intervene
Shit ain't been the same since I was 17
Fuckin' up is in my genes, I think I need a quarantine, yeah

[Outro: Joba]
Chain-smoking, got twenty things on my mind (yeah)
Fake feelings, when I hit it from behind (yeah)
Consenting to my heart's demise (oh)
I fall in love and fall in line (oh)
Tip toe-in' in tap shoes when you're sleepin' in the corner (shh)
Leave before I fall in love with you, I'm a self-proclaimed loner (shh)
A novice with a master plan (yes I am)
Genuine but fraudulent (yes I am)



[Verse: Joba]
I chainsmoke 'til I choke
Have a good heart but bad health
You would never know
Where can you turn at the end of a road
Let myself go, I know I'm at fault
'Cause I'm not who I thought at all
Smokescreens in the dark
I just drink and drive
The freeway eases my mind and I can cry on my own
Going 95, no one on the passenger's side
But the person in the rear view's telling lies
You could end it all if you'd like to
And you can drink a fifth and, uh
Drive to, um, wherever you'd like to
'Cause, well, nobody likes you
And nobody feels like you do
Plus, nobody understands the way that the
Broken heart that you feel, so fuck it
You might as well just get real high and stupid
Rent a motel room and drink away your issues
It could be so simple, nobody wants to help you
They laugh and smile because you're different, you know
It's all your fault but you stay well-tempered
You've always had your wits about you
You hide away, so mental
And I'm glad you stay reclusive
You have a wound that's self-inflicted
And in times like this it's too late to fix it
The weight of the world couldn't change you
But if you died, no one would miss you
So here's to another night alone with all your fears
And all your demons, your deepest darkest secrets
The shit that keeps you from sleeping
It's better when you don't think about it
But you don't have the power, 'cause I'm your master
Speed up and surrender, this time is different
So indecisive, no wonder why she left you
One of the many reasons why you'd like to
Put a bullet in your head or veer left off the highway
You're walking a tightrope at your lowest
Now you're hopeful, but that'll change when the night falls
You're a waste of a lifeform
You should do what you couldn't do this time last year
You can hope and pray all you want but nobody cares
Death waits for the time comes, and the time's come
Shut me up if you'd like to
But you're a coward and you know it's true
I'll be here if you need me, up to you

[Bridge: Kevin Abstract]
That's okay and I don't mind
I think you're kind of perfect
You blend in with the guys
And that's okay and I don't mind
I think you're kind of perfect
You blend in with the guys

[Outro: Kevin Abstract]
Sometimes I feel like I gotta tip toe around
Sometimes I feel like I gotta tip toe around
Sometimes I feel like I gotta tip toe around
Around you, around you
Sometimes I feel like I gotta tip toe around
Sometimes I feel like I gotta tip toe around
Sometimes I feel like I gotta tip toe around
Around you, around you
Sometimes I



[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Real life, man, wonder what it feel like
Whole life spent livin' someone else life
What life like if I was born
It's Mark Wahlberg in the desert storm
Got a record deal with some braces on me
We a boy band, face it homie
And these boys all chasin' homie
I'm tryna make a dozen films

[Verse 1: Dom McLennon]
I'm makin' peace with all my demons 'fore I clock out
It never comes as we perceive it 'til we drop out
I'm too big to burn a bridge that I should stomp out
I got a vision, I ain't quittin' 'til I'm crossed out
And even then, I still be screamin' from the nosebleeds
To let 'em know I never let the pressure know me
You couldn't even hold a candle to the old me
So what I look like when you try to control me
I'm on a mission to reclaim the times that broke me
The life I took is not the one that fuckin' chose me
And I ain't goin' back, I'm ridin' in the sunset
I'm pacin' between self-awareness and civil unrest
Oh, everything I sign with every label seems to suggest
My fate is pre-determined, I'm for certain that's my success

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
I got everything I want and I want somethin' else
I try to fill the void and pull the Bible off the shelf
Ashes on my sheets, I find it hard to sleep
I got little problems, I know y'all sick of hearin'
I think I'm missin' somethin' but I can't think of nothin'
That's true

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Real life, man, wonder what it feel like
Whole life has been livin' someone else life
What life like if I was born
It's Mark Wahlberg in the desert storm
Got a record deal with some braces on me
We a boy band, face it homie
And these boys all chasin' homie
I'm tryna make a dozen films

[Verse 3: Merlyn Wood]
In the back, in the back
Make it to Jerusalem with my fam in the back
In the back, in the back
The haters still infragrant but that payback is exact
House packed to the max
Niggas in the kitchen, niggas in the back
Nothing in my fridge but my hunger is in that
Niggas havin' visions, layin' they own tracks
Shit been south central, niggas in the back
In the back
When I make it I'ma

[Verse 4: Matt Champion]
I would do it in the dungeon, no barely function
I would do it in the dungeon, just barely function, picking sh-
I would do it from the dungeon, could barely function
Pickin' strawberry with my aunty, with the answers
With the long sleeves, upper ground pool in the backyard
With the bare pull, with the bad luck
Shouldn't wait on me, takes a while 'fore that bed, homie
Dead homies



[Intro: Kevin Abstract]
Blah-blah-blah
Same shit every song
What kind of drugs Ameer on
What kind of boys you fucking on
It's like the same damn sh—fuck!
Fuck! Fuck!

[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
My life on display, I'm always live streamin', always tweetin'
Always doin' some shit that's gon' get me in trouble
It's McDoubles and a Sprite, every night
I used to live a boring life in a suburban cold town, I'm cold now
My family used to think I was useless and clueless
Really I had visions same way that fuckin' Snoop did, shit
Should've never grew up 'cause I found out Santa Claus was fake
And because I realized that I haven't told my family that I'm-
Blah-blah-blah, same shit every song
What kind of drugs Ameer on, what kind of boys you fuckin' on
It's like the same damn shit every time I logged on
It's a new lame nigga that wanna see us fail
Well we always to the future, I'ma always do it well
I met these niggas when I was 12 and Lord knows, I've seen hell
Probably shouldn't fuckin' be here, sorry to my fuckin' past life
Searching for my dad's ghost even though that man alive

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
I done dodged a bullet when they caught me with an empty bag
Sixteen, rockin' the system inside my mom's van
Woulda took this shit to Kentucky fast if I had the chance
I put myself before a lotta people and I get nothing back
How y'all always know what I'm thinking, I guess you got me pinned
I bet they know me so well they could draw my fingerprints
See I'ma stand in the sky, I'm like an idle jet
And I ain't worth shit as well, I know I got regrets
My baby bad got me beatin' just like some cardio
I hit the gas on the caddy and then I adiós
Fuck you, fuck y'all, and y'all way back there
I don't like nobody hang around here
Two-faced so they face just to say they been there
I ain't no better, I'm a fuckin' prick
I stay my ass in the house and I ain't left for days
Maybe I should run away and lay away 'till I'm all okay

[Outro: Kevin Abstract]
How many firetrucks can I count?
They drive real fast past my house
How many firetrucks can I count?
They drive real fast pass my house



[Couplet 1: Kanye West]
Why would she make calls out the blue
Now I'm awake, sleep (less in June) or (missing you)

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, unless you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, then play you will, I pray you will

[Harmonizing]

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you do
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, one day you will, I pray you will

[Couplet 2: Kanye West]
When I grab your neck, I touch your soul
Take off your cool, then lose control

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you will, you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, if you will, I pray you will

[Verse 3: Kanye West + Caroline Shaw]
I wish this song would really come true
I wish this song would really come true
I wish this song, this song could play and could come true
I wish this song, "Say You Will," would come true
I wish this song
I admit I still fantasize about you, about you
I admit I, don't say, I admit I, don't say I admit I

[Chorus: Kanye West + Caroline Shaw]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
I admit I, I admit I
Don't say you will, you will, you will
Say you will, say you will
Don't say I, don't say I
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Please say you will, for real, I pray you will

[Instrumental Outro]



[Verse 1]
Why would she make calls out the blue?
Now I'm awake, sleep (less in June or missing you)

[Chorus]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, unless you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, then play you will, I pray you will

[Verse 2]
Mrs. So Fly crash-lands in my room
Can't waste no time, she might leave soon

[Chorus]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you do
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, one day you will, I pray you will

[Verse 3]
When I grab your neck, I touch your soul
Take off your cool then lose control

[Chorus]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you will you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, if you will, I pray you will

[Verse 4]
I wish this song would really come true
I admit I still fantasize about you, about you

[Chorus]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you will, you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Please say you will, for real, I pray you will

[Instrumental Outro]



[Spoken Word: Robert Ontenient]
Padre, gracias por mi familia
Te pido que los bendigas con tu favor
Proveeles sus necesidades
Te pido que los protejas del daño y la maldad
Rodéales con la sombra de tu ala
Ve delante de ellos y prepara su camino
Si su camino está torcido, te pido que lo endereces
Protégelos de las trampas del enemigo
Y evítales del engaño
Dales paz perfecta a sus corazones
En el nombre de Jesús te lo pido
Amén



[Skit 1: DeRay Davis]
Now beat that!
And your mother's saying "Go to college"
So you finish college and it's wonderful
You feel so good
And after all the partying and craziness
And don't forget about that drug habit you picked up at school being around your peers
Hey!
Now you'll get that 25-thousand dollar job a year
And you'll spend all your money on crack cocaine
But, it'll be YOUR money
No more borrowing from mom for my high!
So now you get your degree tattooed on your back
Cause you're so excited about it
If you continue to work at the Gap, after several interviews, oh my God
You'll come in at a entry-level position
And when you do that
If you kiss enough ass
You'll move up to the next level
Which is being the secretary's secretary
And boy is that great
You can take messages for the secretary
Who NEVER went to college
She's actually the boss's niece!
So now you're part of the family
You know what college does for you?
It makes you really smart, man
All you kids wanted to talk in the back of the class
Not me, I listened
Okay?
I was a hall monitor
This was meant to be
You know how many classes I took?
Extra classes, extra classes
No, I've never had sex
But you know what?
My degree keeps me satisfied
When a lady walks up to me and says
"Hey, you know what's sexy?"
No, I don't know what it is
But I bet I can add up all the change in your purse
Very fast



You keep it going man
You keep those books rolling
You pick up all those books that you're gonna read and not remember
And you roll, man
You get that associate's degree, okay?
Then you get your bachelor's
Then you get your masters
Then you get your masters' masters
Then you get your doctorate
You go man!
And then when everyone says quit
You show them those degrees, man
When everyone says "Hey, you're not working, you're not making any money"
You say "You look at my degrees, and you look at my life
Yeah, I'm 52! So what?
Hate all you want, but I'm smart, I'm so smart
And I'm in school
All these guys out here making money all these ways
And I'm spending mine to be smart!
You know why?
Cause when I die buddy
You know what's gonna keep me warm?
That's right, those degrees."



[Intro]
School spirit, motherfucker

[Hook]
Alpha, step, Omega, step
Kappa, step, Sigma, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
AKA, step, Delta, step
S.G. Rho, step, Zeta, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw

[Verse 1]
I'ma get on this TV, mama
I'ma, I'ma put shit down
I'mma make sure these light-skinned niggas
Never, ever, never come back in style
Told 'em I finished school and I started my own business
They say "Oh you graduated?" No, I decided I was finished
Chasing y'all dreams and what you've got planned
Now I spit it so hot, you got tanned
Back to school and I hate it there, I hate it there
Everything I want, I gotta wait a year, I wait a year
This nigga graduated at the top of our class
I went to Cheesecake, he was a motherfucking waiter there

[Hook]
Alpha, step, Omega, step
Kappa, step, Sigma, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
AKA, step, Delta, step
S.G. Rho, step, Zeta, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw

[Verse 2]
I got a Jones like Norah for your soror-
Bring more of them girls I've seen in The Aurora
Tammy, Becky, and Laura, or a Shirley
I'm trying to hit it early, like I'm in a hurry
See, that's how dude became the young Pootie Tang: "tippy tow"
Rocafella chain, yeah that's my rapper style
Rosary piece, yeah that's my Catholic style
Red and white Ones, yeah that's my Kappa style
And I ain't even pledge
Crack my head on the steering wheel and I ain't even dead
If I could go through all that and still be breathing
Bitch, bend over, I'm here for a reason

[Hook]
Alpha, step, Omega, step
Kappa, step, Sigma, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
AKA, step, Delta, step
S.G. Rho, step, Zeta, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw

[Outro]
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
(WOO!)
There it was
I feel some woos coming on, cuz
A couple woos coming on, cuz
(WOO! WOO!)
There they was
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
(WOO!)
There it was
A couple woos coming on, cuz
A couple woos coming on, cuz
(WOO! WOO!)
There they was



[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Okay, okay, oh

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
You live in my dream state
Relocate my fantasy
I stay in reality
You live in my dream state
Anytime I count sheep
That's the only time we make up, make up
You exist behind my eyelids, my eyelids
Now I don't wanna wake up

[Pre-Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
20/20, 20/20 vision
Cupid hit me, Cupid hit me with precision, I
Wonder if you look both ways
When you cross my mind, I said, I said
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of chasing
You're the one that's always running through my day dreams, I
I can only see your face when I close my eyes

[Chorus: Kali Uchis & Tyler, The Creator]
Can I get a kiss?
And can you make it last forever?
I said I'm 'bout to go to war
And I don't know if I'ma see you again
Can I get a kiss? (Can I?)
And can you make it last forever? (Can you?)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war (I'm 'bout to)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again
(Uh, switch it up)

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
I said, okay, okay, okay, okie dokie, my infatuation
Is translatin' to another form of what you call it? (Love)
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, I ain't met you
I've been looking, stop the waiting
'fore I stop the chasing, like a alcoholic
You don't understand me, what the fuck do you mean?
It's them rose tinted cheeks, yeah it's them dirt-colored eyes
Sugar honey iced tea, bumblebee on the scene
Yeah I'd give up my bakery to have a piece of your pie
Yeugh!

[Pre-Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
20/20, 20/20 vision
Cupid hit me, cupid hit me with precision, I
Wonder if you look both ways
When you cross my mind, I said, I said
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of chasing
You're the one that's always running through my day dreams, I
I can only see your face when I close my eyes
(So)

[Chorus: Kali Uchis]
Can I get a kiss? (Can I get a kiss?)
And can you make it last forever? (Make it last forever)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war ('Bout to go to war)
I don't know if I'ma see you again (See you again)
Can I get a kiss? (Can I?)
And can you make it last forever? (Can you?)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war ('Bout to)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator & Kali Uchis]
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Okay, okay, okay, oh
La la, la la la la, la la
La la, la la la, la la
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Okay, okay, okay, oh
La la, la la la la, la la
La la, la la la la
One more time?



[Produced by Kanye West, Daft Punk, Gesaffelstein, Brodinski, Arca and Mike Dean]

[Intro: Beenie Man]
Relivin' the past?
Your loss!

[Verse 1: King Louie]
Rockstar bitch call me Elvis
M.O.B, she call me selfish
Success got 'em jealous
Shorty's killin', while I'm drillin'
Tattoos, how they break the news
It was real if you made the news
Last night my bitches came in twos
And they both sucked like they came to lose
Dropped out the first day of school
Cause niggas got cocaine to move
I be goin' hard, I got a name to prove
Killin' 'em, honey how I make the pain improve

[Chorus: King Louie]
We can send this bitch up, it can go down
We can send this bitch up, it can go down
We can send this bitch up, it can go down
We can send this bitch up, it can go down
We can send this bitch up, it can go down
We can send this bitch up, it can go down
We can send this bitch up, it can go down
We can send this bitch up, it can go down

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
This the cray-ist shit in the club
Since "In Da Club"
It's so packed I might ride around
On my bodyguard's back like Prince in the club
She say "Can you get my friends in the club?"
I say "Can you get my Benz in the club?"
If not, treat your friends like my Benz
Park they ass outside 'til the evenin' end
When I go raw, I like to leave it in
When I wake up, I like to go again
When I go to work, she gotta call it in
She can't go to work, same clothes again
And her heart colder than the souls of men
Louboutin on the toes again
Tight dress dancin' close to him
Yeezus just rose again

[Chorus: King Louie]
We can send this bitch up, it can go down
We can send this bitch up, it can go down
We can send this bitch up, it can go down
We can send this bitch up, it can go down

[Outro: Beenie Man]
Memories don't live like people do
They always 'member you
Whether things are good or bad
It's just the memories that you have
Memories don't live like people do
They always 'member you
Whether things are good or bad
It's just the memories that you have



[Verse]
I'd tell him to eat a dick quicker than Mexicans sprint over borders
I give a fuck like a quarter with 20 cent
At Hamptons with Fred Hampton relaxing at Happy Camper
It's the fucking financial aid at Hamptons wasn't relaxing
I'm taxing, "Fuck 'em all!"'s what I'm chanting
Don't complain I'm just ranting
Fuck ranking, I'm the best, I'm the champion's chariot
I'm a liar like Carrey in Liar Liar
I'm dirtier than the sheets in the Marriott
Cable guy like Larry, Peter Pan in my youth, fucking fairies
I'm using my tooth bait to get that bitches teeth paste
Fuck it, Odd Future some Nazis, black Nazis don't copy
We perfect, you sloppy, hotter than Saki Takei
Fuck a label on my jacket, screw you like a ratchet
Screw you like a black teen on Judge Hatchett
Hang with thrashers and jackers
Drug dealers and crackers, AP students and slackers
I'm backwards like Jermaine Dupri in '93
Escaping from concentration camps with a fucking girl board and a ramp
That I ordered from CCS with some diamonds that's VVS
Like I went to Sierra Leone in a homecoming dress
With some matching pink panties, lipstick from my granny
Sup on my hat like that motherfucker friendly
White, red-headed bitch reminded me of Annie
She dino like my state of mind, so yeah she understand me
Fuck You Bunch is here, never disrespect my family
That’s for my little brother, sister, cousin and my auntie
Wasted fucking youth? All you old niggas antiques
We go skate, rape sluts and eat donuts from Randy
Bitches like Tia Landry watching Billy and Mandy
Motherfuckers wanna be Odd but you can't be
Sit the fuck down all you old niggas stand me, faggot
I guess I got to be a fucking hand-me-down rapper
From Los Angee area anytime I'm fucking landing
Fuck 2DopeBoyz and NahRight, shout out to Hype Trak
Them motherfuckers could never get rid of me
Guess I gotta do a fucking song with Dom Kennedy
Get these fucking hip hop bloggers to start feeling me
Because I'm seventeen, compose my own beats
Lyrically I'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
Maybe I should buy some Hundreds, wear some fucking skinny jeans
And follow in your footsteps like a motherfucking millipede
Centipede, make songs about Gucci and ciggaweed
Jerk with my freshmen like it's some motherfucking little league
No, I'm not no fucking hipster, mister
No, I'm not no fucking Kid Cudi, all my fucking fans love me
Collaboration hits for fans screaming fuck buddies, yo, yo
I'm driving in a stolen truck, and I'm probably fucking drunk
Wasted as fuck, can't walk it out, DJ Unk (uh!)
My nose is filled with coke and my license is revoked
(Shut the fuck up!) Who the fuck told me not to spoke?
Fuck everybody here, everybody vanished, I'm managed
Hop off my dick and make a fucking sandwich
Everybody listening can suck my dick in Spanish
Fuck you, faggot (fucking bastard)

[Outro]
Yeah, um, as you can probably tell from listening to this record
I was, I was probably angry, probably on my period
But um, I didn’t mean to offend anyone
Alright, I'm lying
OF



[Verse 1: Frank Ocean]
Golden rubbers in these denim pockets
On my waist, there's a black Glock
New girl moved on the block
She been plottin' on my brown cock
Last night I slept over hers
During sex, I overheard
A sword sliced the air, I pulled out the na-na
Rolled off the bed, then shot back, pow-pow
Blood on the sheets, probably spillin' from my gash
Looked out the glass, seen you sprintin' on the grass
A real ninja, with the blade and the mask
Had them gold ninja stars, and red Supreme nunchuks
Now she tryna patch me up, but
Girl, I was just tryna get a nut bust
If that's your ex, you should probably own a pistol
But I'm guessin' it's wiser to exit with dude

[Hook: Frank Ocean]
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
You touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window (Swag)
He's at your window

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Night light hits off, turnin' kisses to bites
I'm a down to Earth nigga, with intentions, that's right
You'll be down in Earth quicker if you diss me tonight
But I'll be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight
We can chill and I can act like I don't wanna fuck
You can tell me all your problems like I really give one
But I give two for us cause you're the one that I want
Don't wanna seem like a punk pussy that simps over punk pussy
See when I'm with my friends I just put on a front
But in the back of my top I'm writing songs about we
We, as including I, and yourself, making three
Little ones, the drums are hitting pretty hard if you ask me
You're a pretty broad in the top three
Of things that I've been waiting to come, so
Meet me by the lake around 10 and skinny dippin' and then
We can begin the pretend game, I wanna be Finn
From Adventurin' Time

[Hook: Frank Ocean]
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
You touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window (Swag)
He's at your window

[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator]
One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
Gorgeous, baby you're gorgeous
I just wanna drag your lifeless body to the forest
And fornicate with it
But that's because I'm in love with you, cunt

[Bridge 2: Tyler, The Creator]
I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place (Cunt)
I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place, cunt

[Hook: Frank Ocean]
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
You touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window
He's at your window
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
You touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
He's at your window

[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator]
One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous



[Intro]
This jam is dedicated
To that woman that knows what she wants
And just how to get it, word up

[Hook]
She knows what she wants
She knows what she wants
Yo, she knows what she wants
She knows what she wants and just how to get it
She knows what she wants
Yeah, she knows what she wants
She knows what she wants
She knows what she wants and just how to get it

[Verse 1]
She knows what she wants, she's bold so she flaunts
Her hourglass jewels to mad clientele
Rejected oh well, she ain't goin to no hotel
Not the frantic freak type, but if you speak right
You get to take her out and dig her out on a weeknight
Weekends, she wants to spend your ends
Her shopping spree is colossal, attitude semi-hostile
Mack diva senorita, no reefer, no pizza, just
Shrimp and lobsters, champagne and mobsters
Suckin up the cream like a vac to a carpet
Strictly black market now you're her next target
Watch out... cause yo she knows what she wants

[Hook]
She knows what she wants
She knows what she wants
Yo, she knows what she wants
She knows what she wants and just how to get it

[Verse 2]
Spotted her in the club, with her crew nearby
Her looks are a lullaby, to pass us by, she's too fly
Never gunshy, hair is blown dry
She craves a wiseguy to help her gain amplify
So when you say, "Yo baby," she ain't gotta say hi to ya
Cause prior to this, he put rocks on her neck and wrist
Plus a fat joint on her finger
You best to have a batch of scratch and treats to bring her
And if you happen to luck up and get in
You'll find yourself another jealous trick-ass boyfriend
And furthermore the mink she's donning is stunning
Blinding your senses Dunn, never put the two
Before the one son...

"It's the lesson well learned" "It's going down!"
*scratched* "It's the lesson well learned" "It's going down!"

[Hook]
She knows what she wants
She knows what she wants
Yo, she knows what she wants
Yeah, she knows what she wants and just how to get it

[Verse 3]
Never fall victim to a chicken you was stickin
Even if you think the punanny might be finger-lickin
Never fall victim to a wicked woman's ways
"Why son?" She's trying to get paid, check it
One: She said she wanted to give me a son
Two: She said she didn't like my crew
Three: She never ever cooked for me
Four: She was my cherie amour -- YEAH RIGHT
It was all hype, I needed more insight
In retrospect, I know I slept from the first night
She did a split and that was it
Gave up my pimp license, and flipped my whole friggin script
But now I'm back like the Isley's moving wisely
Sizing up the situation, keeping honies waiting
Cause I got more to do, than to be sucked dry
This tough guy, will get by, while the chickens wonder why
I don't be callin cause it's like Ex to Next kid
I know what I want, and just how to get it
Like her, no disrespect Miss



[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I tell her, "Now go and pop that pussy for a real nigga!"
I already know that life is deep, but I still dig her
Niggas is jealous, but really I could care less
I'm in Hell's Kitchen with an apron and a hairnet
Devil on my shoulder, the Lord as my witness
So on my Libra scale I'm weighin' sins and forgiveness
What goes around comes around like a hula hoop
Karma is a bitch? Well, just make sure that bitch is beautiful
Life on the edge, I'm danglin' my feet
I tried to pay attention but attention paid me
Haters can't see me: nose-bleed seats
And today I went shoppin' and talk is still cheap
I rock to the beat of my drum set
I been at the top for a while and I ain't jump yet
But I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit
Now jump up on that dick and do a full split!

[Hook: Drake]
Uh, she just started to pop it for a nigga
And looked back and told me, "Baby, it's real."
And I say, "I ain't doubt you for a second."
I squeeze it and I could tell how it feel
I wish we could take off
And go anywhere but here, baby, you know the deal
‘Cause she bad so maybe she won't
Uh, but shit, then again, maybe she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will
Maybe for the money and the power
And the fame right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I tell her, "Now go and pop that pussy for me!"
Haters can't see me, but them bitches still lookin' for me
And you could take it to the bank and deposit that
Put your two cents in and get a dollar back
Some people hang you out to dry like a towel rack
I'm all about I, give the rest of the vowels back
I like my girl thick, not just kinda fine
Eat her 'til she cry, call that "wine and dine"
Try to check me and I'ma have 'em checkin' pulses
They say "choose wisely," that's why I was chosen
Rockin' like the asphalt, it's the cash fault
Looked in the face of Death and took its mask off
Now I like my house big and my grass soft
I like my girl's face south and her ass north
But I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit
Now hop up on that dick and do a full split!

[Hook: Drake]
Uh, she just started to pop it for a nigga
And looked back and told me, "Baby, it's real."
And I say, "I ain't doubt you for a second."
I squeeze it and I could tell how it feel
I wish we could take off
And go anywhere but here, baby, you know the deal
‘Cause she bad so maybe she won't
Uh, but shit, then again, maybe she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will
Maybe for the money and the power
And the fame right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will



[Verse 1: Prodigy]
The most violent of the violentest crimes we give life to
If these Queensbridge kids don't like you
We bring drama of the worst kind to enemies
Your first time will be your last Earth memories
It's only your own fault, I gave you fair warning
Beware of killer kids who don't care
Unaware fools will be dealt with in time
It ain't a mystery how I form the words in rhyme
In nineteen hundred and ninety square
All shook niggas is supposed to have fear
Tryna get a piece of this pie, we don't share
Prepare for the worst 'cause I been there
Try to keep a positive mind and walk a straight line don't work
So niggas is forced to do dirt
And God made dirt, so this dirt won't hurt
If I listen to the lessons and the rules I learnt
On these streets for nineteen years and not leaving
My first priority's to reach twenty one breathing
Forever beef, nobody will ever be even
So I grab the heat before breezing
Lost in this foul mind state I can't keep straight thinkin'
But I keep my eyes on the Earth without blinking
It's hard to be a man in this land of the venom
Any man try to front he get slugs in him
Because...

[Hook]
He ain't a crook son (son)
He just a shook one (shook one)
We live the life that of diamonds and guns
And numerous ways that we choose to earn funds
Some niggas get shot, locked down and turn nuns
Cowardly hearts and straight up shook ones (shook ones)
He ain't a crook son
He just a shook one (shook one)

[Verse 2: Havoc]
For every rhyme I write it's 25 to life
To all my peoples in the Bridge know what I'm talking 'bout, right
Ain't no time for hesitation, that only leads to incarceration
You don't know me, there's no relation
'Cause Queens niggas don't play
I don't got time for the he say she say I'm bigger than that
Claiming that you pack a gat but you scared to get locked
Once you get upon the Island change your ways and stop
Thirteen  years in the projects of hard times I've lived in
Wake up in the morning thank God I'm still living
Sometimes I wonder do I deserve to live
Or I am going to burn in hell for all the shit I did?
No time to dwell on that 'cause my brain reacts
Front if you want nigga
Lay on your back, I don't fake jax kid
You know I bring it to you live
Stay in a child's place, kid you outta line
Criminal minds thirsty for recognition mission
I'm strictly sipping E&J like got my mind flippin'
I'm bugging digging my ways out of holes by hustlin'
Get that loot kid
You know my motherfucking function
'Cause long as I'm alive I'ma live illegal
And once I get on I'ma put on all my peoples
React quick, spit lyrics like MACs I hit
Your dome up, when I roll up
Don't be caught sleeping 'cause I'm creeping
You just a shook one

[Hook]
He ain't a crook son
He just a shook one
We live the life that of diamonds and guns
And numerous ways that we choose to earn funds
Some niggas get shot, locked down and turn nuns
Cowardly hearts and straight up shook ones (shook ones)
He ain't a crook son
He just a shook one (shook one)
We live the life that of diamonds and guns
And numerous ways that we choose to earn funds
Some niggas get shot, locked down and turn nuns
Cowardly hearts and straight up shook ones (shook ones)
He ain't a crook son (crook son)
He just a shook one (shook one)



[Intro]
Word up son, word
Yeah, to all the killers and a hundred dollar billas
(yo I got the phone thing, knowmsayin', keep your eyes open)
For real niggas who ain't got no feelings
(keep your eyes open)
(no doubt, no doubt son, I got this, I got this)
(just watch my back, I got this first, yo)
Check it out now
(word up, say it to them niggas, check this out it's a murda)

[Verse 1: Prodigy]
I got you stuck off the realness, we be the infamous
You heard of us, official Queensbridge murderers
The Mobb comes equipped for warfare, beware
Of my crime family who got 'nough shots to share
For all of those who wanna profile and pose
Rock you in your face, stab your brain with your nose bone
You all alone in these streets, cousin
Every man for they self in this land we be gunnin'
And keep them shook crews runnin', like they supposed to
They come around, but they never come close to
I can see it inside your face, you're in the wrong place
Cowards like you just get they whole body laced up
With bullet holes and such
Speak the wrong words, man, and you will get touched
You can put your whole army against my team and
I guarantee you it'll be your very last time breathin'
Your simple words just don't move me: you're minor, we're major
You're all up in the game and don't deserve to be a player
Don't make me have to call your name out
Your crew is featherweight, my gunshots'll make you levitate
I'm only 19, but my mind is old
And when the things get for real, my warm heart turns cold
Another nigga deceased, another story gets told
It ain't nothin' really, ayo Dun, spark the Philly
So I can get my mind off these yellow-backed niggas
Why they still alive? I don't know, go figure
Meanwhile back in Queens the realness and foundation
If I die, I couldn't choose a better location
When the slugs penetrate, you feel a burnin' sensation
Gettin' closer to God in a tight situation now
Take these words home and think it through
Or the next rhyme I write might be about you

[Chorus]
Son, they shook
‘Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Scared to death, scared to look, they shook
‘Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Scared to death, scared to look
Livin' the life that of diamonds and guns
There's numerous ways you can choose to earn funds
Some get shot, locked down, and turn nuns
Cowardly hearts and straight up shook ones, shook ones
He ain't a crook, son, he's just a shook one

[Verse 2: Havoc]
For every rhyme I write it's 25 to life
Yo, it's a must, in gats we trust, safeguardin' my life
Ain't no time for hesitation, that only leads to incarceration
You don't know me, there's no relation
Queensbridge and we don't play
I don't got time for your petty-thinkin' mind
Son, I'm bigger than those
Claimin' that you pack heat, but you're scared to hold
And once the smoke clears, you'll be left with one in your dome
Thirteen years in the projects—my mentality is what, kid?
You talk a good one, but you don't want it
Sometimes I wonder, do I deserve to live?
Or am I gonna burn in Hell for all the things I did?
No time to dwell on that, ‘cause my brain reacts
Front if you want, kid, lay on your back
I don't fake jax, kid, you know I bring it to you live
Stay in a child's place, kid, you out of line
Criminal minds thirsty for recognition
I'm sippin', E&J got my mind flippin'
I'm buggin', diggin' my ways out of holes by hustlin'
Get that loot, kid, you know my function
‘Cause long as I'm alive I'ma live illegal
And once I get on, I'ma put on all my peoples
React quick, spit lyrics like MAC's, I hit your dome up
When I roll up, don't be caught sleepin', ‘cause I'm creepin'

[Chorus]
Son, they shook
‘Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Scared to death, scared to look, they shook
‘Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Scared to death, scared to look, they shook
‘Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Scared to death, scared to look, they shook
‘Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
Livin' the life that of diamonds and guns
There's numerous ways you can choose to earn funds
Some get shot, locked down, and turn nuns
Cowardly hearts and straight up shook ones, shook ones
He ain't a crook, son, he's just a shook one

[Outro]
To all the villains and a hundred dollar billers
To real brothers who ain't got no feelings
G-yeah, the whole Bridge
Queens get the money
41st side, keepin' it real, you know
Queens get the money

[Produced by Havoc]



[Intro: André 3000]
Ah-ye-ye, yeah!
Rrah!

[Hook: André 3000]
Old school players to new school fools
'Kast keep it jumping like kangaroos
But skew it on the barbie, we ain't tryin to lose
Say, "I be got, damn it, they done changed the rules"
Old school players to new school fools
'Kast keep it jumping like kangaroos
But skew it on the barbie, we ain't tryin to lose
Say, "I be got, damn it, they done changed the rules"

[Verse 1: André 3000]
The common denominator, the nigga numerator
Never know who the hater, niggas cater to your ego
I'm sorry, like Atari, who's the cousin to Coleco
Vision, caught a RICO, back on the street like Chico
DeBarge, he large and got a 'Lac in the garage
Few parts here and there, I declare hard, my Lord
One at Clark, one at Spelman
Both know each other, and it's cool, you can tell when
He step off in the party, women jump for joy
But all the wild niggas scheming, they gon' jump the boy
For spittin' all that bourgeoise—"My watch, my car"
I'm a star, I'd rather be a comet by far, rrah!

[Hook: André 3000]
Old school players to new school fools
'Kast keep it jumping like kangaroos
But skew it on the barbie, we ain't tryin to lose
Say, "I be got, damn it, they done changed the rules"
Old school players to new school fools
'Kast keep it jumping like kangaroos
But skew it on the barbie, we ain't tryin to lose
Say, "I be got, damn it, they done changed the rules"

[Verse 2: Raekwon]
Deliver this through your audio, ghetto mafioso
Grow hydro, then bag it up slow
Price that, longevity suggest make moves slow
Take time, grow eight, react nine, blow!
Hydro slide raw like fuck Ronaldo
Fly ride though, shit lookin wild dope
Then glide yo, flippin' the page, I go
Watch five-oh, jump on my meat, ride slow
Watch those, undercovers, cop those, rock those
Glocks blows leave em baggy and collect spot grows
Keep a watch froze, lean on the yacht and wash clothes
Let the chop' blow, bag a half a block plot grows, what?

[Hook: André 3000]
Old school players to new school fools
'Kast keep it jumping like kangaroos
But skew it on the barbie, we ain't tryin to lose
Say, "I be got, damn it, they done changed the rules"
Old school players to new school fools
'Kast keep it jumping like kangaroos
But skew it on the barbie, we ain't tryin to lose
Say, "I be got, damn it, they done changed the rules"

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
Boi, I bust raps like D-boys bust gats, shit
We the type of people that don't bury the axe
Or the hatchet, everytime we see your link we snatch it
Ridin round our hood talkin' that dumb shit, your cabbage
Is cracked, like plumber's ass, and summer's grass
I been in the game for a minute, seen some suckas like y'all passin
Thinkin' you're light skinned, aight then, lil' boy why you frightened?
The Dungeon Family gon' be here nigga so keep writing
I gotta hit The Source, I need my other half a mic
Because that Southerplayalisticadillacmuzik was a classic, right!
College Park, East Point and Decatur they got my back, so
We gon' keep on jammin and stabbin off in the track, ahh
Think it's time to bungee but buddy we will be back
And I'm fin' to put some D's on the 'Lac, know dat!

[Hook: André 3000]
Old school players to new school fools
'Kast keep it jumping like kangaroos
But skew it on the barbie, we ain't tryin to lose
Say, "I be got, damn it, they done changed the rules"
Old school players to new school fools
'Kast keep it jumping like kangaroos
But skew it on the barbie, we ain't tryin to lose
Say, "I be got, damn it, they done changed the rules"
Old school players to new school fools
'Kast keep it jumping like kangaroos
But skew it on the barbie, we ain't tryin to lose
Say, "I be got, damn it, they done changed the rules"
Old school players to new school fools
'Kast keep it jumping like kangaroos
But skew it on the barbie, we ain't tryin to lose
Say, "I be got, damn it, they done changed the rules"



We broke, broke broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Don't spend no money
Ain't got no clothes
Ain't got no cars
Ain't got no hoes
We broke, broke, broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Got no money (got no money)
We got no clothes (got no clothes)
Ain't got no cars (ain't got no cars)
Can't get no hoes
We broke, broke, broke, broke, broke
Buncha niggas
Broke, broke, broke, broke, broke!



[All whispering]
Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
[Louder]
Broke, broke broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi-

[Leader]
I've called this private meeting today because there is an imposter among us
There is an imposter among us
This brother right here has been out making beats on the side, yes he has
Pretending he's broke walking amongst us
This brother has been eating every day, can you believe that? Eating every day
Pretending he's with us, he's not one of us
I did not want to believe this, but I walked into the brother Kanye's closet and I found new shoes
I found new shoes!
Kanye, would you like to step forward and explain these new shoes?!

[Kanye (stammering)]
I was-you crazy, I wasn't, I didn't, um, I was just um, I was-

[Leader]
No, you speak up, brother!

[Kanye]
I was gon' stick-I'm tryin to stick to my roots and-

[Leader]
What?

[Kanye]
I wanna stick to my roots, and-

[Leader]
What?! You march your new shoes out of here, Kanye. Don't you ever come back in 'em. Don't you ever come back smellin' all good, taking showers and shit like that, alright? We don't appreciate that down here at Broke Phi Broke

What's next?



[Spoken Word: Jabari Manwa, Robert Ontenient]
"Where you going? Um, what happened to y'all's house?"
"Heh... Me llamo Roberto... Eh... Bueno... ¿A dónde voy?
Acabo de destruir la casa y nunca más me verás...
O sea que no sabrás dónde voy."



[Intro: Voletta Wallace]
Baby, look at me, Mama love you
And I know you ain't no little boy no more
But you'll always be my baby
It seems like only yesterday I was holding you in my arms
Now look at you now big, but I worry about you
I worry about you all the time, hangin' out on the corner
All times at night with the cruel people
Baby, that ain't nothin' but trouble
I always taught you that you could have whatever you dream
Well, I want you to hold on to that dream, baby
Hold on to it real tight, ‘cause the sky's the limit

[The Notorious B.I.G.]
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen
How's everybody doing tonight?
I'd like to welcome to the stage
The lyrically acclaimed
I like this young man, because when he came out
He came out with the phrase
He went from ashy to classy – I like that
So everybody in the house
Give a warm round of applause for the Notorious B.I.G
The Notorious B.I.G
Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for him y'all!

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
A nigga never been as broke as me, I like that
When I was young I had two pair of Lees, besides that
The pin stripes and the gray, the one I wore on Mondays and Wednesdays
While niggas flirt I'm sewing tigers on my shirts, and alligators
You want to see the inside, I see you later
Here comes the drama, oh
That's that nigga with the fake, blaow
Why you punch me in my face? Stay in your place
Play your position, here come my intuition
Go in this nigga pocket, rob him while his friends watchin'
And hoes clockin', here comes respect
His crew's your crew or they might be next
Look at their man eye, big man, they never try
So we rolled with them, stole with them
I mean loyalty, niggas bought me milks at lunch
The milks was chocolate, the cookies, butter crunch
88 Oshkosh and blue and white dunks; pass the blunts!

[Hook: 112]
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressing on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressing on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Have what you want, be what you want

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I was a shame, my crew was lame
I had enough heart for most of them
Long as I got stuff from most of them
It's on, even when I was wrong I got my point across
They depicted me the boss, of course
My orange box-cutter make the world go round
Plus I'm fucking, bitches ain't my homegirls now
Start stacking, dabbled in crack, gun packing
Nickname Medina make the seniors tote my niñas
From gym class to Inglés pass off a global
The only nigga with a mobile, can't you see like Total
Getting larger in waists and tastes
Ain't no telling where this felon is headin', just in case
Keep a shell at the tip of your melon, clear the space
Your brain was a terrible thing to waste
'88 on gates, snatch initial name plates
Smokin' spliffs with niggas, real-life beginner killers
Praying God forgive us for being sinners, help us out

[Hook: 112]
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressing on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressing on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Have what you want, be what you want

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
After realizin', to master enterprisin'
I ain't have to be in school by ten, I then
Began to encounter with my counterparts
On how to burn the block apart, break it down into sections
Drugs by the selections
Some use pipes, others use injections
Syringe sold separately, Frank the Deputy
Quick to grab my Smith & Wesson like my dick was missing
To protect my position, my corner, my lair
While we out here, say the Hustlers Prayer
If the game shakes me or breaks me
I hope it makes me a better man, take a better stand
Put money in my mom's hand
Get my daughter this college grant
So she don't need no man
Stay far from timid, only make moves when your heart's in it
And live the phrase "Sky's the limit"

Motherfuckers
See you chumps on top

[Hook: 112]
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressing on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressing on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Have what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressing on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressing on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on



[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D (Star Trak)
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit (what?) now I kick it in the 'burbs

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Me? I'm from the slums, niggas who push a ton
Ton of drums, with foul flow, dirty mouth, like kissing bums
Mama done made her one, um, a witty son
With no respect for women, so show me your titties hun (what?)
You eighteen? Me? I'm twenty-somethin'
OK, I'm twenty, but I'm soon to be twenty-one
I wild out at shows, break shit, it should be fun
Venues are like pussy with me, "Should he come?"
I'mma wax that like the chapstick in my backpack for my black lips
Then dip to Europe and come back with a stack of cheese
A stack of cheese for these rats, um, that mac and cheese
New 'Preme shit got me feeling flyer than a bag of bees
Fuck critics ("How's your dick?") Shit, how's your knees?
Y'all on my dick more than my index when I take a pee
I came up with ''Rella'', ain't touch a bag of weed
Shit was doper than Whitney Houston's needs
Golf Wang, that's the team to be, ay
Getting T.U., O.F., indeed
We was missing Sweatshirt, like "Where's the hooded sleeve?"
Okay, nevermind, we found him, yeah

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Guess I win, checks started cashing in
I stop rapping and start asking where my fucking passion is
Probably where that faggot went (who?) Tyler talking father problems
Shocking shit, he spit to popping topics in them gossip columns
I ain't ask for this, I did it out of boredom
Thought that roach was cool, he died and pushed me into stardom
Now; Ye's, PJs, sipping leche
Chips Ahoy, boy, listening to "Cowboy", ay!
Boy, land in Melbourne and skate to Fitzroy, ay!
AUS was awes', I enjoyed, boy
Y'all niggas played as a tot's toy
Have a good day as I annoy, oi

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
Canons with panorama views
My shoes that seen more vans than Mexicanas
Or crackers in Alabama
G-O-to-the-L-F, this OF
I opened up a store so I don't stress
But nigga, I (what?) mosh in gardens
Jazz punk shit, playing chords
Making up shit, pardon my Dolly Partons
And I keep shartin'
Hoodies with rectangles and different colors
Niggas think I started kindergarten

[Interlude: Tyler, The Creator, Frank Ocean & Both]
My bitch is on my handle bars
I, just, wanna, ride, my bike
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
My bitch is on my handle bars
Hair blowing in the wind
Her freckles look like candy bars
Hair blowing in the wind
My bitch is on my handle bars
I, just, wanna, ride, my bike
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
My bitch is on my handle bars (handle bars)
Hair blowing in the wind (ooohh)
Her freckles look like candy bars (shit)
My cool summer never ends (cool)
My bitch is on my handle bars
Yeah (bars, bars)
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater

[Outro: Frank Ocean]
Oh my God, seriously? Mister cool guy, hahah
You're talking to a fucking bike, loser
Hehe, ohh fuck



I don't think people necessarily understand what happened last week with the Make America Great Again hat. What are you trying to do with the message you're sending?

It was really just my subconscious. It was a feeling I had, you know like, people, we're taught how to feel. We're taught how to think. We don't know how to think for ourselves. We don't know how to feel for ourselves. People say feel free, but they don't really want us to feel free. And, uh, I felt a freedom in first of all, just doing something that everybody tells you not to do.

...

I just love Trump! That's my boy! You know like, so many rappers, you'll look at a video of Snoop Dogg loving Trump, but then he get into office and now they don't love him. Trump is one of rap's favorite people right?

But we talked about this, that before he was elected president, people in hip-hop it was an in thing to put Donald Trump in your rhymes somewhere.

And by the way, I'm in hip-hop but I'm not just in hip-hop. I'm a black person in the black community but I'm not just that. I feel like one thing is that people try to minimize me to artist, hip-hop, black community...Yeah, I'm always gonna represent that but I also represent the world.

...

You hear about slavery for 400 years. For 400 years? That sound like a choice! [laughs]. You was there for 400 years and it was all of y'all?

It's like we're mentally imprisoned. I like the word 'prison', because slavery goes too direct to the idea of blacks. It's like slavery Holocaust, Holocaust Jews, slavery is blacks...So prison is something that unites us as one race. Blacks and whites being one race. That we're the human race.
Do you feel that I'm being free? And that I'm thinking free?

[Van Lathan]
I actually don't think that you're thinking anything. I think what you're doing right now is actually the absence of thought. And the reason why I feel like that is because Kanye, you're entitled to your opinion, you're entitled to believe whatever you want, but there is fact, and real-world, real-life consequence behind everything that you just said.

While you are making music, and being an artist, and living the life that you've earned by being a genius, the rest of us in society have to deal with these threats to our lives. We have to deal with the marginalization that has come from the 400 years that you said, for our people was a choice!

Frankly, I'm disappointed. I'm appalled. And brother, I am unbelievably hurt by the fact that you have morphed into something, to me, that's not real.



[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
Ace, the Creator
Hodgy Beats
OF (Drop it)

[Verse 1: Hodgy Beats]
We come through throbbing like thunder storms
Make their feets get wet and funky up in they under arms
I'm too explosive for your ears like I'm throwing bombs
With the exclusive on the channel, bitch I know it's on
Niggas get mad like cheerleaders, they throw they pom-poms
Suck a dick, eat salaam getting they nails done in salons
Hodgy Beats is like lip balm
If you talk shit, I'll make you cry and tell your big moms
I got nice hands, niggas eat out my big palms
Haters must be starving nowadays I make California Vietnam
And I'm going to embalm my creativity
Into a CD-ROM, so you can feel this shit I'm on

[Chorus]
Turn it up, where's the bass?
Bring the keys, yeah
Turn it up, where's the bass?
Bring the keys, oh my God
Turn it up nigga, where's the bass?
Could you bring the keys? Yeah
Turn it up, nigga where's the bass?
Drop the drums

[Verse 2: Tyler, the Creator]
Pink chinchilla, something like thrilla
My t-shirts are bathing, a bathing gorilla
You niggas all hype like you drink a cup of Splenda
But I ate the whole plate like a fat bitch dinner
I'm never the winner, always the loser
I don't choose to win, but I will choose her
Her kitty-cat fish loves his tuna
I never use a fork I always spoon her
Go nuts, instrumental flow much
European model white bitch is eating donuts
Fuck you faggots, I'm with a fat bitch
Making shit come like I'm go-go gadget
I'm mental, it's instrumental
Make your bitches' therapist ask for dental records
And I hope this record have you stabbing niggas with colored pencils

[Chorus]
Turn it up, where's the bass?
Bring the keys, yeah
Turn it up, where's the bass?
Bring the keys, oh my God
Turn it up nigga, where's the bass?
Could you bring the keys? Yeah
Turn it up, nigga where's the bass?
Drop the drums

[Verse 3: Tyler, the Creator]
Yo, bubble gum that Reese's Pieces
You fail at life, I'll mug your teachers
I've got Muslims calling on Jesus
I fucked Kelly, where is Regis?
Found Alicia, now she keyless
Cold as ice, and now I'm creamless
Murdered every bod from my squad
So technically, now I'm teamless, O.F. is so prestigious



[Intro: Jamie Foxx]
Kanye, it's Foxx, man
I'm just sayin' I was talkin' to the girls you know
And we don't put enough emphasis on the ladies sometime
You know, I was talkin' to this girl
She was talkin' about the music all fast in the club you know
She gotta drink water cause she thirsty
She danced like ninety-two hundred songs back to back
With ain't nobody really try to find out what she feelin'
Like how she feel... you know what she told me?
(Are you gonna be?) Check it out, this is what she said
(Say that you're gonna be) Oooo, oooo, oooo, oooo, oooooo

[Hook: Jamie Foxx & Luther]
She said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross
A little Anita will definitely set this party off right
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)
She said she want some Ready For The World, some New Edition
Some Minnie Riperton will definitely set this party off right
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)

[Interlude: Kanye West]
It definitely will!
You know what I told her?

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I told her to drive over in yo new whip, bring some friends you cool wit
I'mma bring the cool whip, then I want you to strip
See you is my new chick, so we get our grind on
She be grabbin' me, callin' me Biggie like Shyne home
Man I swear she fine homes, why she always lyin' though?
Tellin' me them diamonds, when she know they rhinestones
She got a light-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson
Got a dark-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson
I played Ready For The World, she was ready for some action
My dog said you ain't no freak so you bout to prove my man wrong
I'mma play this Vandross, you gon' take yo pants off
I'mma play this Gladys Knight, me and you gon' get right

[Hook: Jamie Foxx & Luther]
She said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross
A little Anita will definitely set this party off right
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)
She said she want some Ready For The World, some New Edition
Some Minnie Riperton will definitely set this party off right
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)

[Bridge: Jamie Foxx]
Smokey Robinson, Smokey Robinson
Freddie Jackson, everything, everything (Well well well well)
Smokey Robinson, Ashford & Simpson (Are you gonna be)
Set the party, really set the party off right
Yes it will, yes it will (Well well well well)
Al Green, OH! Al Green, OHHHHH YEAH!!!
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Whatcha know about the Isley Brothers?

[Interlude: Aisha Tyler & Kayne West]
Now Kanye, I know I told you to slow it down
It's good, it's all good, it's beautiful
But now I need you to do it faster baby
Can you please? Do it faster, baby, do it faster!
Damn, baby; I can't do it that fast... but I know somebody who can. Twista!

[Verse 2: Twista]
Got you looking at the glist on my hands and wrist
While I'm layin' back and smoking on my cannabis
When it come to rockin' the rhythm like Marvin and Luther
I can tell you ain't no messin' with Kan man and Twist
In the Chi and I be sippin' Hennessy, play some R&B
While I smoke a b, you can preferably find that I'm a G
And all this (well well well well)
Come wit me and sip on some Evelyn Champagne
You ain't know Twista could work it like the Whispers?
Hit the stoplight, move it to some Isleys
Rims still movin' so I bump a lil' Spinners
While I'm smoking on a b - dippin' through the streets
Bumpin' R&B and I got the heat on the 23's
And I do it (well well well well)
Wit my Earth in the Wind smoking Fire
Let me get ya sheets wet listenin' to Keith Sweat
Put you in a daze wit Maze
Fulfilling our every temptation
Slow jammin', havin' deep sex
You ready for the world girl, come on go wit me
I touch you all over your body baby don't say no to me
And every moment be controlling me
I love the way you be holdin' me when I be listenin' to Jodeci
And when I come over and bend ya ass
You be bumpin' Teddy Pendergrass
I done hit it from the back, to the melody and rode it slow
Now I got to go up in it fast, but I'mma finish last
No matter how much of a thug you see
I still spit it like it's R&B, come to the club wit me
And when some Luther come on I hope you feelin' me
And still will be in love wit me, Chi ride

[Hook: Jamie Foxx & Luther]
She said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross
A little Anita will definitely set this party off right
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)
She said she want some Ready For The World, some New Edition
Some Minnie Riperton will definitely set this party off right
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)

[Bridge 2: Jamie Foxx ad-libs (w/ female singer)]

[Hook: Jamie Foxx & Luther]
She said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross
A little Anita will definitely set this party off right
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)
She said she want some Ready For The World, some New Edition
Some Minnie Riperton will definitely set this party off right
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)



[Intro: JAY-Z & Stevie Wonder]
Good morn' or evening, friends
Smile, you recordin'?

[Verse 1: JAY-Z]
Slammin' Bentley doors like we invented doors
20 years ago we drove Bentley Azures
We drinkin' Cristal then
Yeah, kept the tray on me like Chris Paul then
Drinkin' Ace of Spades like it's codeine now
Tryna put a million on the whole team now
Push through the pain so we can see new life
So all the ladies havin' babies, see ya sacrifice
Mama had four kids, but she's a lesbian
Had to pretend so long that she's a thespian
Had to hide in the closet, so she medicate
Society shame and the pain was too much to take
Cried tears of joy when you fell in love
Don't matter to me if it's a him or her
I just wanna see you smile through all the hate
Marie Antoinette, baby, let 'em eat cake

[Chorus: JAY-Z & Stevie Wonder]
Bad times turn to good memories, smile
Even when I'm gone and you remember me, smile
Good times never fade away, smile
Even if I'm not with you here today, smile
Good morn' or evening, friends
Smile
Here's your friendly announcer
Smile

[Verse 2: JAY-Z]
Far as draft picks, my name did not get called
Bet before I go I put a billion on the board
Hall of Fame Hov, I did it all without a pen
Y'all knew that was comin', I had to remind y'all again, huh?
Flyin' paper planes through the projects
Now the whole projects on my jet
Now you see the real in the front row
In every one of y'all televised shows
Super facts
Niggas switched sides, traded pride, we don't do all that
A loss ain't a loss, it's a lesson
Appreciate the pain, it’s a blessin'

[Chorus: JAY-Z & Stevie Wonder]
Bad times turn to good memories, smile
Even when I'm gone and you remember me, smile
Good times never fade away, smile
Even if I'm not with you here today, smile
Good morn' or evening, friends

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
I mastered my aesthetics
I know you often heard me wax poetic
'Bout bein' back in the Lexus
But trust me, that was nothin', a nigga up in
The hundreds of millions, I have no ceilings
Ah, this that feelin', I'm that boy
Anita Baker's "You Bring Me Joy" slappin' out of the toy
The separation is clear in my rear-view mirror
Objects is further than they appear
Oh yeah, I was born with a pair, playin' for high stakes
Norman's Cay, he looked up and out of the Lear
How niggas can't relate?
Fuck a slice of the apple pie, want my own cake
In charge of my own fate, respect Jimmy Iovine
But he gotta respect the Elohim as a whole new regime
And niggas playin' for power, huh
So our music is ours, niggas own their own houses
Ours was, "Fuck you, pay me"
Now it's, "Fuck payin' me, I pay you
Put the rest away for Blue"
That blood money I giggle at it
Can't even support my miss' habit
Jewelry shoppin' in Pa- all ya jewelers should be embarrassed
Huh, blood diamonds drippin' with guilt, I still ain't trippin'
That's life, winners and losers
Drug dealers and abusers, America likes me ruthless
My therapist said I relapsed
I said, "Pre-haps I Freudian slipped in European whips"
God sent me to break the chain, I'm the true and livin'
God in the flesh, the rest of these niggas is vain
A stain on the white suit, inferior IQ
Niggas'll rip your shit off TIDAL just to spite you
Ahhhh, what did I do? 'Cept try to free you
Niggas'll love you but hate you 'cause they can't be you
Dump 'em all in the bayou, uh
Everybody wave bye to the guy you thought you could lie to
This was meant to be a haiku, huh
But my story's too wide to fit inside the line or two
Oh, these that drugs, heron flow, I spaz on the stove
This is Hov, no flex zone, nigga, who lied to you?
Look, you a pedestrian, don't ever question the security I provided you
Oh y'all thought I was washed? I'm at the cleaners
Launderin' dirty money like the Teamsters, huh
Shout out to Hoffa back home, he in the church
When I heard you got booked, that shit hurt
Fear for you, bro, we know the system don't work
Take a young nigga freedom over some dirt
Yet it's legal in Colorado, yet, we deny
Black entrepreneurs, free enterprise
That's why it's a black market, that's why it's called the trap
That's why it's called the projects 'cause it's exactly that
All these people was gon' kill me, heh
'Cause the more I reveal me, the more they 'fraid of the real me
Welcome back Carter, smile

[Outro: Gloria Carter]
Living in the shadow
Can you imagine what kind of life it is to live?
In the shadows people see you as happy and free
Because that's what you want them to see
Living two lives, happy, but not free
You live in the shadows for fear of someone hurting your family or the person you love
The world is changing and they say it's time to be free
But you live with the fear of just being me
Living in the shadow feels like the safe place to be
No harm for them, no harm for me
But life is short, and it's time to be free
Love who you love, because life isn't guaranteed
Smile



[Intro: Chance The Rapper]
We just been smoking a bowl
We just been smoking
We just been smoking a bowl
We just been smoking a bowl
We just been
We just been smoking a bowl
We just been smoking a bowl
We just been smoking a, we just
What the fuck is going on?
When did we buy a bowl?

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
We just been smoking a bowl
We don't got no time to roll
I'm always out on the road
She don't got time for a whole
Little bit of time that we have
We used to purchase a half
It don't be no time to smoke
I'm always throwing on clothes
She always throwing a fit
We don't got no time for no sex
I just put milk in the bowl
She don't be cooking at all
She just put weed in the bowl
She don't have time for herself
She putting points on the board, yes
You know she carry her own
You know she carry a child
She wake up at crack of dawn
She don't be cracking a smile
So when she packing the bowl
I grab her, I tell her

[Hook: Chance The Rapper]
Let me crack this blunt
Slow it down for a second
Break it down, ooh
She said, "let me lick this blunt"
Slow it down for a second
Break it down, ooh
We deserve, we deserve
We deserve, a smoke break
We deserve, we deserve
We deserve, a smoke break

[Verse 2: Chance The Rapper]
Truth being told, we used to movies and bowl
We used to Netflix and roll
I used to pass her the smoke
She used to laugh at my jokes
You pat my back when I choke
Wish we were stuck in our ways
We way too young to get old
We stuck together like oowops
We smoke to Fetty, sing ZooWap
Traphouse 3, Guwop
I shoulda knew when I grew up
It would be no time at all
We went from White Owls to Raws
We went from joints to a bowl
She need a second to breathe
We need an actual smoke sesh

[Hook: Chance The Rapper]
Let me crack your back
Slow it down for a second
Take it down, ooh
Let me run this back
Slow it down for a minute
You deserve, you deserve
We deserve, we deserve
We deserve, a smoke break
We deserve, we deserve
We deserve, a smoke break

[Verse 3: Future]
I don't have time to finesse
I put some ice on your neck
But I ain't holding you back
I spend my time on the road
Super ain't saving no hoes
I don't have time to patrol
Let me break these bales right down for a second
When it touch down, ooh
I got to lay back the roof
I got her breakin' the new rules
She can't be taking no calls
When she involved with a boss
Please don't get lost in the sauce
Please don't get lost in the sauce
She been like this from the door
Told me her mom was a whore
I gave her percs for myself
I give her a perc for esteem
I'm tryna crown me a queen
You hear the chains when they cling
I take the molly its clean
I push the whip with the wings
I gotta be overseas
I gotta be on the pedal
I push it down to the floor
I got designer galore
I keep some Goyard and gars
I smoke out all of my cars
You smell the weed in the air
You smell the smoke in the seats
You went and had our child
You didn't abandon the D
You got me twisted at least
You can

[Hook: Chance The Rapper & Future]
Let me crack your back
Let me rub you all over
Take it down, ooh
Let me make this blunt
Make you dinner or somethin'
You deserve, you deserve
We deserve, we deserve
We deserve, a smoke break
We deserve, we deserve
We deserve, a smoke break



[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean & No I.D.]

[Refrain: Swizz Beatz]
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Two hands in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous
It's like that sometimes, this shit ridiculous
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Middle finger in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, man, ridiculous
Life can be sometimes ridiculous

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I'm so appalled, Spalding ball
Balding Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all
Baby, you're fired, your girlfriend hired
But if you don't mind, I'ma keep you on call
We above the law, we don't give a fuck 'bout y'all
I got dogs that'll chew a fucking hole through the wall
But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers
And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers
Housekeeping, I mean goddamn
One time let it be a bad bitch sweeping
That know we get O's like Cheerios
That know because they seen us in the videos
That know the day that you play me
Would be the same day MTV play videos
That was a little joke, voila
Praises due to the most high, Allah
Praises due to the most fly, Prada
Baby, I'm magic, tada
Address me as your highness, high as United
30,000 feet up and you are not invited
Niggas be writing bullshit like they gotta work
Niggas is going through real shit, man, they out of work
That's why another goddamn dance track gotta hurt
That's why I'd rather spit something that got a purp'

[Hook: Kanye West & CyHi]
Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous, I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Five star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man, this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
How should I begin this? I'm just so offended
How am I even mentioned by all these fucking beginners?
I'm so appalled, I might buy the mall
Just to show niggas how much more I have in store
I'm fresher than you all, so I don't have to pause
All of y'all can suck my balls through my drawers
Dark Knight feeling, die and be a hero
Or live long enough to see yourself become a villain
I went from the favorite to the most hated
But would you rather be underpaid or overrated?
Moral victories is for minor league coaches
And 'Ye already told you we major, you cockroaches
Show me where the boats is, Ferrari Testarossas
And Hammer went broke so you know I'm more focused
I lost thirty mil, so I spent another thirty
'Cause unlike Hammer, thirty million can't hurt me
Fucking insane, the fuck am I saying?
Not only am I fly, I'm fucking not playing
All these little bitches too big for they britches
Burning they little bridges, fucking ridiculous

[Hook: CyHi]
Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous, I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Five star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man, this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous

[Verse 3: Pusha T]
Success is what you make it, take it how it come
A half a mil in twenties like a billion where I'm from
An arrogant drug dealer, the legend I become
CNN said I'd be dead by twenty-one
Blackjack, I just pulled an ace
As you looking at the king in his face
Everything I dream, motherfuckers, I'm watching it take shape
While to you I'm just a young rich nigga that lacks faith
Range Rove, leather roof, love war, fuck a truce
Still move a bird like I'm in bed with Mother Goose
Them hoes coming in a baker's dozen
Claiming they was with me when they know they really wasn't
I keep the city's best, never said she was the brightest
So if you had her too, it don't affect me in the slightest
I never met a bitch that didn't need a little guidance
So I dismiss her past until she disappoints your highness
I speak the gospel, hostile
Tony doing time for what he did to nostrils
Paranoid mind, I'm still under the watchful
Eye of the law, aspire for more
Them kilos came, we gave you Bobby Brown jaw
Flaws ain't flaws when it's you that makes the call
Flow similar to the legends of the falls
Spill it, I own you all, yuugh!

[Refrain: Swizz Beatz]
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Two hands in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous
It's like that sometimes, this shit ridiculous
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Middle finger in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, man, ridiculous
Life can be sometimes ridiculous

[Verse 4: CyHi The Prynce]
Hah, I am so outrageous
I wear my pride on my sleeve like a bracelet
If God had an iPod, I'd be on his playlist
My phrases amazes the faces in places
The favorite, hah, my cup overrunneth with hundreds
Dummy, damn, it's hard not for me to waste it
The new Commandment: "Thou shalt not hate, kid"
My movement is like the civil rights, I'm Ralph David
Abernathy, so call my lady Rosa Parks
I am nothing like them niggas, baby, those are marks
I met this girl on Valentine's Day, fucked her in May
She found out about April, so she chose to march
Hah, damn another broken heart
I keep bitches by the twos, nigga, Noah's ark
I got a seven on me, I call my 'dro Lamar
Plus a Trojan in my pocket, Matt Leinart, hah
G-A-T in the Pathfinder
'Cause you haters got PhDs
Y'all just some major haters and some math minors
Tiger Woods, don't make me grab iron

[Hook: RZA]
Ayo, champagne wishes and thirty white bitches
You know this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous, you know this shit is fucking ridiculous
Cars for the missus and furs for the mistress
You know that shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous, you know this shit is fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous

[Refrain: Swizz Beatz]
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Two hands in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous
It's like that sometimes, this shit ridiculous
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Middle finger in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, man, ridiculous
Life can be sometimes ridiculous, huh?



[Produced by Organized Noize]

[Hook]
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Don't you think I'm so sexy? I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
I love when you stare at me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Sir Lucious gots gator belts and patty melts and Monte Carlos
And El Dorados; so I'm waking up out of my slumber feeling like Rollo
So follow, it's Showtime at the Apollo minus the Kiki Shepards
What about a ho in a leopard-print? Ah
Teddy Pendergrass, cooler than Freddie Jackson
Sipping a milkshake in a snowstorm
Left her throat warm in the dorm room at the A.U
We blew hay too, athletes might cake you
But you must have me mistaken with them statements that you make 'cause

[Hook]
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Don't you think I'm so sexy? I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
I love when you stare at me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Canary yellow seven-nine Seville is on display
My nigga Bongo hooked it up, Omar gon' dip my rims today
So a nigga can ride out to the Honeycomb Hideout
I'mma show you how to wild out like Jack Tripper
Let me be bambino on your snipples
YKK on your zipper, lick you like a lizard when I'm slizzard
Or sober, six million ways to fold ya
Like Noah's, I get two's of youse and you get pretty 'D'
But I'll call yo' ass 'round eight-ish, I know you'll be there for me, girl

[Hook]
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Don't you think I'm so sexy? I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
I love when you stare at me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean

[Verse 3: André 3000]
Those huge baby eyes, get to runnin' off at they mouth
And tellin' me everything that's on your nasty mind
They say you're malnutritioned, in need of vitamin D
And invitin' me to that tingle in your spine
I love who you are, I love who you ain't — you're so Anne Frank
Let's hit the attic to hide out for 'bout two weeks
Rick James'n, no chains and whips
I do suck lips 'til hips jerk in double time
The boy next door's a freak, ha-ha!

[Hook]
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Don't you think I'm so sexy? I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
I love when you stare at me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean

[Outro: André 3000]
And we are... The coolest motherfunkers on the planet
And my, my... The sky is fallin', ain't no need to panic
But ooh ooh... I got a stick and want yo' automatic
Ooh, ooh, ooh... Compatible, created in the attic
And we are... The coolest motherfunkers on the planet
And my my... The sky is fallin', ain't no need to panic
But ooh, ooh... I got a stick and want yo' automatic
Ooh, ooh, ooh... Compatible, created in the attic

[Hook]
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Don't you think I'm so sexy? I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
I love when you stare at me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Don't you think I'm so sexy? I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
Ain't nobody dope as me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean
I love when you stare at me; I'm dressed so fresh, so clean
So fresh and so clean, clean



[Intro: Killer Mike]
Man, my story is, so glorious
You know, I started off so notorious
I will die a legend like Notorious
My story is, so glorious

Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind, shine!

[Verse: Killer Mike]
My story is, so glorious
Fat fly boy, young Notorious
Notorious, for move makin'
I got a pistol for a pig, cook bacon
I'm a young G
I'm a E.V., educated villain
Who fuckin' with me?
I'm a book reader
I'm a gang leader
Triple bang and salute when the gang see him
I'm in position that these other rappers envy
They major, broke, and I get rich indie
Yeah, I said I Get-Rich-IN-D
Trill definition of that G.R.I.N.D

God looked out, because my life changed
It weren't for rap, I'd have a job of sell cocaine
They say I celebrate the pusher, that's profane
I say to feed my babies y'all I'll do anything
I'll sell H, I'll sell C
Because Malik, Aniyah, Pony, Mike have gotta eat
And I refuse, cause I promised I would not lose
Until I'm gone, I'mma give these sucka' niggas blues
Here come the blues, nigga!
Young Muddy Waters
In the club sweating hot with your Slutty daughters
Young 8Ball, on my way to legendary
Even Pun will have to point and say, "That nigga's very heavy!"

To son me, you gon' have to get a Bun B
Because the Pimp C in me won't let you pump me
Aye watch your mouth nigga
I'm from the South nigga
And you might smell my cologne at your house nigga
Money, money, money
Seems that's all that I'm about, nigga
I got a bad queen
She want a lot of things
And she gon' have it all
Tear down the mall
Good riddance to my ex-bitches, I holla y'all

I see you and your new nigga at my show
He love Pledge 2, he love song 4
I love the West side, I love Zone 4
Dixie Hills, Simpson Road that's what I do it for
Martin Luther King, Bankhead and Ashby
But now it's Lowery
That's where the loud be
And everywhere I be that's where the crowd be
But I'm a street nigga, partner don't crowd me
And don't push me, and don't shush me
Cause I'm the opposite of whatever is pussy
Ass nigga, you ain't talking cash nigga
Then it's lost in translation
Get up out my face and

Go to the room where the sucka' niggas sit
Sit around and talk some of that sucka nigga shit
The way y'all cackling (?) is like y'all sucking nigga's dick
No homo promo, but y'all suckas acting like a bitch
I fell off and came up again, I am 50 Cent
I know you don't love me
I'm black and I'm ugly
But I got money, so these fly bitches fuck me
And I got hits now, so you haters can't duck me

My life has turned to magic, this is David Copperfield
The pretty women hug me and beg for me to cop a feel
Them crackas call a nigga they want me to cop a deal
But I don't talk 360 unless we talking 'bout a mil
If they talking major money, we can talk and that's what up
If they ain't talking 'bout that then I remain indie as fuck
They say I'm underrated and they sorry for my loss
And I reply I'm sorry that y'all broke and got a boss

On Pledge 1 I told the world what I'm about to do
The blind couldn't see it so I showed 'em Pledge 2
God In the Building had to help 'em gain focus
Pledge 3 is here, I give you the magnum opus



[Part I]

[Intro]
I've been here before
I've been here before
I've been here before
I've been here before
I've been here before
I've been here before
I've been here before
I've been here before

[Verse]
Late for everything, my face to the cement
That's how I always seen it
I spent days faded and anemic
You could see it in my face, I ain't been eatin', I'm just wastin' away
Looks like the way that River Phoenix went gon' end up my fate
And when they drag me out the gutter, mail the ashes to my mother
Twist the spliff if I don't finish my plate
Slip a fist up for my niggas in chains, my mental was caged
See, I ain't been to prison but the feeling's the same
Shared sentiment, winnin' if the pen hit the page
As of late, I've been watchin' every bitch in my space
Shit's just lookin' different with age
Try to make some sense of all this shit in my brain
One foot stuck in a tar pit of my ways

[Part II]

[Intro]
And if it's like that the whole time
If it's like that the whole time, we'll be alright
And if it's like that the whole time, we'll be alright
Stayin' up all night, but it's alright
And I been stayin' up the whole night, but it's alright

[Verse]
It's me and my nibbling conscience
Nigga, I'm fixin' to give up
I've been alone for the longest
It's trouble, the way that we joggin'
Nothin' gon' save us or stop us
Me and my nibbling conscience
Nigga, I'm fixin' to give up
I've been alone for the longest
This spliff, I ain't splittin' no time soon
My brain split in two, it's rainin' a bit
I hope it's a monsoon, my face in the sink
I'm seein' my mom soon, I'm faded, I stink
Stay in it, alright..? (faded, I'm stayin' in...)

[Part III]

[Instrumental]

[Part IV]

[Verse]
I got my grandmama's hands, I start to cry when I see 'em
Cause they remind me of seein' her
These the times that I needed her most cause I feel defeated
And I buy nothin' by myself, my second thoughts, my sec...
(and I buy nothin' by myself)
My hands, I start to cry when I see 'em
Cause they remind me of seein' her
These the times that I needed her most cause I feel defeated
And I buy nothin' but myself, my second thoughts
My hectic process of thinkin' and all my doubts, and I think
I know Nak in there sleepin', he on the couch, that's my brother
Give me a boost when my confidence need it, so I love him
To tell the truth, I got a problem with eatin', I be druggin'
To tell the truth, I'm not supposed to be off in here
I'm supposed to be sleepin', but I be turnin' and tossin'
To tell the truth, I miss my partna dem
To tell the truth, you can't be loud when you're the wrongest, fam
To tell the truth, I'm at a loss of friends
Well time waits for no man and death waits with cold hands
I'm the youngest old man that you know
If ya soul intact, let me know

[Part V]

[Instrumental]



[Tyler]
Sometimes, I sit in my room and think about us
Ayo
You got them long lashes, couldn't get the dirt in em'
Curls on your head look like waves I'ma surf in em'
Wave at the camera, the paps ask your role
I evade any answer, but if you ain't a dummy
Shit is laid in these stanzas, kidnap my feelings
I ain't paying any ransom, I, keep em' like secrets
Might, drive a nigga crazy but I'm, beepin' like, beepin' like, beepin' like pages on a hip waist trainer, Yeugh!
Sometimes, I sit in my room

[Shane Powers]
"It's Golf Radio, you're on the air with Shane Powers
Taking requests... What's uh... What's your name? Hello? Um, okay, well, since, you want to be Mr. Fucking Secret Agent, what song you wanna hear?"

[Unknown Boy]
The one about me



[Tyler]
Sometimes, I sit in my room

[Shane Powers]
"It's Golf Radio, you're on the air with Shane Powers
Taking requests... What's uh... What's your name? Hello? Um, okay, well, since, you want to be Mr. Fucking Secret Agent, what song you wanna hear?"

[Unknown Boy]
The one about me



[Hook: Jeremih]
I believe that if I fly, prolly end up somewhere in paradise
I believe that if I fly, I'll prolly end up somewhere in paradise

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
Chancelor the rapper, Chatham the hood
Santa to children, had to bag up the goods
They say I'm savin' my city, say I'm stayin' for good
They screamin', "Chano for mayor," I'm thinkin' maybe I should
Fucked a few A&R's, told 'em, "Bitch I can’t wife you"
Told your ass since day one, I don't like labels or titles
I'm a rascally rabbit, I know that tricks is for addicts
That need fixes for habits, in love with carrots and cabbage
I'm a savage, established, bad bitch magnet, I'm magic
Your majesty, I'm majestic, I think my message is massive
Think you passive aggressive
I think you passed up your prime
Think you passed up your chance to be Chance
Now pass it to A-Rap
I should have rhymed it with rhyme
Ain't we been here before?
Ain't my principal told me that I can't rap at that show?
Then I rapped at that show, simple as that
Got a complex from Complex off of the simplest raps
And it goes like...

[Pre-Hook: Chance The Rapper]
Fannin' the fire, hands is up higher
Cannot believe it, damn I'm a rider
Ridin' on twenties, twenty years prior, I couldn't buy a
Forget it you get it
God is so awesome, devil's a liar
Take 'em to church, but I need a choir

[Hook: Jeremih]
I believe that if I fly, prolly end up somewhere in paradise
I believe that if I fly, I'll prolly end up somewhere in paradise

[Verse 2: Chance The Rapper]
Blow out your speakers, roll some more loud
That's the sound of the reefer, I think my parents is proud
Thank my fans in the bleachers
Think my teachers need features
I think I'm walkin' with Jesus, I knew my feet wouldn't drown
I been close to the edge, I been trippin' and stuff
Somebody slipped me a mickey
But I ain't giving a fuck
Really, a milli? How 'bout six billion more
Or I'm outie like how'd he cut that umbilical cord?
As I smoke herb in this Uber suburban dressed in an Urban Outfitters
Shirt and burgundy pair of Jordans
I asked the acid if words were worth worryin' over
Her explanation seemed agitated
She said let me answer your question
With some questions questionin' yours
Like why the devil can't get you?
And why these labels can't catch you?
And why'd he make you so special, why did he bless you?
Think about it
I woke up this mornin'
I woke up this mornin'
Gotta smile when I say that shit, I woke up this mornin'
Go!

[Pre-Hook: Chance the Rapper]
Fannin' the fire, hands is up higher
Cannot believe it, damn I'm a rider
Ridin' on twenties, twenty years prior, I couldn't buy a
Forget it you get it
God is so awesome, devil's a liar
Take 'em to church, but I need a choir

[Hook 2: R. Kelly]
I believe, I believe, there's somewhere out there for us all, there's a paradise (there is a paradise)
I believe that if I die, I'll see my homies somewhere in paradise
(I'll see 'em somewhere in paradise)

[Pre-Hook: Chance The Rapper]
Fannin' the fire, hands is up higher
Cannot believe it, damn I'm a rider
Ridin' on twenties, twenty years prior, I couldn't buy a
Forget it you get it
God is so awesome, devil's a liar
Take 'em to church, but I need a choir

[Outro: Choir]
I believe, I believe, I believe
Somewhere in paradise
I believe, I believe, I believe
Somewhere in paradise
I believe, I believe, I believe



[Intro]
Um......'Sup, cock fucking face niggas?
It's your boy Ace, man. Um.....
I'm in fucking Sacramento right now and shit, mom just moved
I've got nothing better to do out here, so I'm just gonna freestyle for you dick sucking motherfuckers, alright?
Ready? Who you with? Nah, I'm playing.......um.....
Alright, let's see.......
This some exclusive shit, nigga. Um.....
I'm really gonna freestyle, none of this shit written like these other
Motherfuckers do. Alright?

[Verse]
Free styling, and that nigga Wild N' Out, like Nick Cannon. Fuck on rock or bammin' Obama
I'mma fuckin' bomb ya. Have to be something with your mamma and Osama
Bin Laden, that nigga been hidin'. Probably been ridin' in the dirty
Eating on my dad's white stuff, like Mcflurry
Nigga's can't burn me. I am not a book, you can't learn me
But don't fuck me, you cannot yearn me. I am not a fucking check, you cannot earn me
What the fuck else rhymes with earn? Bernie
Bernie and irk, irk and Kirk, and Kirk is fucking Berk and Berk is fucking Bobby
Bobby's fucking auntie, Johnny. Johnny fucking nanny, auntie. Johnny's fucking Chuck, and Chuck is fucking Bobby
So, it's like a threesome, with eighteen more fucking people
I'm a fucking zero, your a fucking two plus eight, six. I can't count, that's why I won't amount to shit
But I got a big dick, and it's growing. And my fucking lyrics keep flowing
And my mother fucking spit keep getting on my fucking clothes and the camera
Lens. I am in the mother fucking camera bends
I don't make sense, but I could give a damn if your bitch is a man. If your mother fucking head hurt from working all day
If your momma's dead, she be sucking dick and fucking pussy blunt ashtrays with your uncle
Fuck 'em, fuck you. If you looking at this, fuck you
Here, you is a mother fucking queer
Shout out to Odd Future, Peas 'n Carrots. We gon sit down and say cheers. I just though of that right now
Actually, I thought about that two minutes ago. We can go find a ho, or a slut, or a bitch, open up her legs and probably bust a nut in her hair
Spit up on the lens, lens up on the spit. This camera's shit
Hopefully, some nigga's will get me a cannon
Back to my first line, bammin Obama. Fuck you and your fucking momma
And your momma's cousin, they be buzzing, they be smoking, and then they coke, and then they drink, and then they play Young dro in a Lincoln. I'm winking
I'm lying, and your bitch is lying. Because the bitch got shot, and her fucking mom's dying
No, she's not dying, I'm lying. Her fucking uncle bobby just got shot with a BB......Gun, nigga's better run
My dick's a gun, and it's about to cum. Blow you in your mouth, yeah, I blow it in your mouth
Get it? No, you don't. Yes, you will, no, I won't
Fuck, I'm running out of breath. Need a fucking, inhaler before I fucking, inhale ya
This shit is recording, now I gotta save you like I'm jesus Christ, but I'm not
And hopefully the nigga behind me don't have a knife. I'm home alone, and I got my own bone, this is my own song
Actually, I'm going home tonight. Actually, I'm lying, I ain't right. Yep, yeah, eah
No, I'm going theres, to the house

[Final verse]
I'm from Hawthorne, the dirty dirty. Where niggas get stabbed up, where niggas get rabbed up in rasbeads
And when I say rasbead, nigga's get raped. No homo, we're not fruity, we're not rasbead
We're the other b2k members. We're not fucking white winter, like December. We're low so, like fall in like September, or October, or November
I thought I told you, fuck. I'm sick of fucking rapping, I'm sick of fucking clapping, for you mother fuckers that's rapping
Saying that I freestyle, bring the pain. Nigga, this is not a freestyle. I'm not stupid, your not Lil Wayne
These nigga's say, fuck I'm not gonna get up into it. Because these wallet chain niggas gonna get me into it, and I'm a say screw it, but I'm not gonna chop
But I'm not Mike Jones, and I'm not Mike Jones, Mike Jones. Who? Shut the fuck up
Here's a dick, dad, you can suck up. But actually, I don't give a fuck up
I'mma a be a man about it and hopefully, suck it up. I'm talking about your dick, fuck it. You love it, no, you fucking hate it
And you fucking rate it, and degrade it, and discard it. Fuck it, I'll catch you niggas tomorrow
Odd Future. Happy Days. Bicano, and Casey Veggies. My nigga K Mac, shout to Left Brain, and my nigga Jerry, and my ex girlfriend, bitch buried. Shout out to Ology, teen blocks coming up
Cheers, busting in your ears

[Outro]
What else, did not fucking shout out? That's probably the only nigga's on MySpace I like
Oh, fuck it. The beat's coming bac- Nah, I'm playing, I'm so sick of this shit
I'll see ya'll nigga's later



[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Well, it's the M-I-crooked letter coming around the South
Rolling straight Hammers and Vogues in that old Southern slouch
Please, ain't nothing but incense in my atmosphere
I'm bending corners in my 'Lac, boi
'Cause that's how we be rolling here
Deep, the slang is in effect because it's Georgia
Kicking the khakis and Adidas
Packing yo' heaters 'cause you 'sposed to, cousin
Catfish and grits is how my flow flows
Rolling steady in that Caddy but them 50 bottles got to go
See, juice and gin used to be my friend from the beginning
Now I'm just a player sipping sauce every now and then
To catch a buzz like a bumble bee
Niggas who tried to fuck with me
Get sprayed like Raid 'cause it ain't nothing to see

[Verse 2: Andre 3000]
My heat is in the trunk along with that quad knock
No, my heart don't pump no Kool-Aid
Jump and you'll get too sprayed
Who raise yo' block? The one and only OutKast
Many a nigga falling fast and I continue blasting, swiftly
They ain't gon' get me, got something fo' em
The devil up in yo' grill and you still don't even know em
Show 'em who's the OK
Like collard greens and Hoecakes, I got soul
That's something that you ain't got
That's why your style is rot–
–ten, stop in the land of ATL
Where nothing but pimps fully equipped quick to make a sale
Swell, swollen got my pockets, business booming like rockets
Folks try to stop it but they know that it's that

[Hook: Choir]
It's that Southernplayalisticadillac funky music
Now, players if you choose it
You better make sure you don't abuse it
We gonna get cha high, high

[Verse 3: Andre 3000]
Time to drop these 'bows like Dusty Rhodes
Then I yell ho
And knock 'em up off they feet like a Southern hustler supposed To do, I's in the house like... a joint is lit for my kinfolks
And all the niggas that was down since we been broke
Taking 'em deeper than a submarine
So scream when you hear the team of two
Look, my crew be thick as two fat hoes sitting off in a Brougham
I'm packing my tag backwards if you want to be acting wrong
Word is bond like super glue, it's funky like poopa scoop
And every word I say you can true

[Verse 4: Big Boi]
Well, okey dokey, 'Kast out
I swear to God I got the highest booming Cadillac
The expialalistic Coupe de Ville, can you handle that, you rat?
I take my time cruising 'round the city malls
And under my seat for you suckers is your final curtain call
The one two to the gauge, P-U-M-P
You want to do a jack, I heat the barrel 'til it's empty, get me?
See, I ain't Finlay, getting in where I fit
Organized is on the track with the Southernplayalistic shit
So copy my slang and bite my shit but don't try gaffling me
'Cause sleeping you'll get served with some Southern hospitality

[Hook: Choir]
It's that Southernplayalisticadillac funky music
Now, players if you choose it
You better make sure you don't abuse it
We gonna get cha high, high

[Verse 5: Big Boi]
Well, Southernplayalisticadillac music has been laid
I may wait for all day and day, be rolling like that today, hoe
So back up off it, get up on it if you want it, ya'll
Looking for hoes and snitches was my thing on Player's Ball, yup
So now I step, rather walk with the pimp limp
While my niggas are at East Point with that College Park hemp
Smoked out is how I wanna end it on this track
So I pass it to my partner and step back up in my Cadillac

[Verse 6: Andre 3000]
Step up in my shoes, you crews sitting on Trues
And Vogues for the hoes only when we rolling through
Atlanta skies be blue, the sun is beaming, it's seeming
That I'm glistening, rather gleaming
20/20 got me leaning to the side, full of pride
Now ain't that something?
I'm dipping into your hood, this ain't Braille, but I'm bumping
Thumping out the roaches, Dungeon if y'all missed it
Big Gipp, Goodie Mob, PA, OutKast
Southernplayalistic

[Hook: Choir]
It's that Southernplayalisticadillac funky music
Now, players if you choose it
You better make sure you don't abuse it
We gonna get cha high, high
It's that Southernplayalisticadillac funky music
Now, players if you choose it
You better make sure you don't abuse it
We gonna get cha high, high
It's that Southernplayalisticadillac funky music
Now, players if you choose it
You better make sure you don't abuse it
We gonna get cha high, high



[Intro]
Ronny J listen up

[Verse 1: Lofty305]
This that Zu shit
Suwoo maroon shit
Nigga talkin' all that shit but they ain't really doin' it
Niggas say that he a goon
He ain't tryna prove it
CSPG be the movement, free Ruben

[Verse 2: Denzel Curry]
This that motherfuckin' Zu shit
But this that new shit
I never gave a fuck like I'm a prude, bitch
Just know I do's this
Your stuff drier than a prune, bitch
Hit up with the pool stick
My bullets they un-acoustic
Free Nell and free Slikk

[Verse 3: Lofty305]
And that purp gettin' smoked, put that on my broom stick
Cultivating all the racks off these fuckin' 'shrooms, bitch
Metro Zu we go to ATL
You know we boomin'
Put yo' bitch right on a track
Ronny J produced it

[Verse 4: Denzel Curry]
'Cause bitch
I'm a Raider Klan killa
ULT nigga
Smoke all the purp'
Extort the dealer

[Verse 5: XXXTENTACION]
You a fuck nigga
I can't fuck wit' ya
Wig split, peel 'em
Pussy nigga killa
Face, I'ma stomp
Body dumped in my trunk, bitch
Glock by my dick
If you tweak, I'ma stick, ayy
Fuck do you mean
Aim that beam at your spleen
If you Purrp, I'll put your face in the dirt
Like pussy, you get creamed
Ayy (wet, wet, wet)

[Verse 6: Ski Mask The Slump God]
Princess Peach jewelry'ed my bitch
Red, white, black Pokéball might beep
Beep-boop-beep, Go gadget my wrist
Bling-bling-blow, Johnny Dang my fist
Wet that pussy up just like a drop and then I dip
I done beat that pussy to the blue, she not a crip
Diamonds on me red and they white, no zit
Master Roshi wit' it, I done pull up with a stick, wooh
Chopper put lines and I'm cheesin', mmm
Leave blood on the leaves like I'm Yeezus, mmm
I eat your soul for no reason, mmm
The way that she suck me is treason
Cook, cook, cook, mmm
Your grandma wan' poke me on Facebook
I want that booty, no Captain Hook
Wait, replay it
Let me hear it, let me hear it



[Intro]
Everything is alright
Everything is okay, okay
Everything is alright
Everything is okay
Watcha gonna do with that beat
Watcha gonna do with that beat
Watcha gonna do with that beat
Watcha gonna do with that beat

[Verse 1]
They’re telling me that the body is free
But we’re the species of property
They hit the niggas with them hidden fees
They hit them niggas like a timpani
They telling me that my body is free
But we’re the species of property
The popo still gotta follow me
While I wear my sneakers and a cotton tee
Everybody’s gotta play to win
Lowered down to my shade of skin
They’re trapping out at the Days Inn
And you’re all thumbs, you’re all thumbs
Decorative African skull
Full of olive pits and wine corks
Own my judge and high court
And you’re all hung, you’re all hung
You’re all hung
Yeah, whoa

[Verse 2]
When you end up getting capital
The cobwebs in your shadow, gotta dabble with your nerve center
When your life is derated
And you’re feeling isolated, that’s when you become a bird letter
I’m a parasitic bitch
Eating asparagus tips while obscuring that money pit
You were still a televised veteran
Return to the center with your surname ‘Honey dip’
This our disheveled, cell zombie shell
For that high society ride-along
But what do we own, I get deboned
So I bemoan that siren song
This rougish Moor than the underscore
Is inebriated at the oven door
With a sputtering core chanting
“nigga we did it, nigga we did it”

[Hook]
They're telling me that the body’s free
But we the species of property
The popo gotta follow me
While I’m wearing my sneakers and a cotton tee
They’re telling me that we’re not free
But I’m the species of property
They got my essence under lock and key
No no you’re mistaken not me
Not me
No no, you’re mistaken not me
Yes, you
Yes, you


[Outro]
My son asked me what a nigga was, and if I was one was he one too?
And what it meant to be of nigga-stock
How can we define this nigga that we resemble
Or are qualities lost in the abstraction of prayer
Did we become or were we always this, and what was this?
Where did the border between us and the world merge?
No one knows
Thankfully we do know the storms that forge the idea
The definition is uninterrupted
The nigga is the variable
The nigga is the unknowable
A mislabeled parcel of human electricity
Prehistoric in form, beyond time and essence
I wrote that for Baltimore



So after walking through here I decided that I wanted to make sure for anyone that didn’t have tickets tonight that you all could have tickets to the show. So anybody who wants to come tonight, you can have tickets for the entire office!

But I just wanted to tell you guys: I really do believe that the world can be saved through design, and everything needs to actually be “architected.” And this is the reason why even some of the first DONDA employees were architects that started designing t-shirts instead of buildings. But just to see the work actually be actualized.

If I sit down and talk to Oprah for 2 hours, the conversation is about realization, self realization, and actually seeing your creativity happen in front of you. So the reason why I turn up so much in interviews is because I’ve tasted what it means to create and be able to impact, and affect in a positive way.

And I know that there’s more creativity to happen. And I know that there’s traditionalists that hold back the good thoughts and there’s people in offices that stop the creative people, and (who) are intimidated by actual good ideas.

I believe that utopia is actually possible—but we’re led by the least noble, the least dignified, the least tasteful, the dumbest, and the most political. So in no way am I a politician—I’m usually at my best politically incorrect and very direct. I really appreciate you guys’ willingness to learn and hone your craft, and not be lazy about creation.

I’m very inspired to be in this space. Tonight, this show, if you come see it—um, I’m a bit self conscious because I’m showing it to architects. So the stage does have flaws in it. It’s an expression of emotion so give me a pass on that. And that’s basically all I have to say so thank you very much.



[Intro: Busdriver]
The world cannot be saved, children
Your hero's bloodshed is sponsored by the sphinx's coonery under the monster eye

[Verse 1: Mikah-9]
Walk like an Egyptian
Keep some pep about your step
The petty thievery
A pet peeve to me
Grief over leaving me
Queasy, easily, measly, freebie Frisbee
Sizzles in cold stream wilderness
Epic, relic, medic, antiseptic tank quarantine
Celtic elfin magic melted in that kiln
Overwhelm your film
Hold the realm by the helm
Put you in a gimp suit plastic pillow case
Pimp loot prostitutes knock boots in duke shoot Luke cute
Killing off shallow personalities
I rebuke on purpose
I set it, plan, and plot
Puke on planet Earth
If I was a fifth, you'd drink me
If I was a spliff, you'd stink me
If I was a myth, you'd think me
If I was a lift, you'd sink me
If I was a gift, you'd jinx me
Sphinx riddle as taboo
Culture clash bamboo
I'm a damn fool
The baby in your baby momma's belly got my sperm shampoo
If infant was hip-hop and womb of time
Recording room for rhyme
Leverage your average beverage
Severage causes heritage hemorrhage at a measure which the feathers itch
Gathers rich overages whether its reverence is togetherness
I never miss a chance to tether twist a stance
Fake independents take advantage of a zephyr kiss
The sound of their soul is tainted with devilness

[Chorus: Busdriver]
Dying, we did it well
We put diving boards on the mouth of forever and ever
And MTVs reenact our martyrdom with marginal liberals but we're the artful pit bulls

[Verse 2: 2 Mex]
Get the fuck out of my genre
It's my alma mater
Styles from my mama who do these piles of towels from a Ramada
Who think Illuminati but drink limonada
Persona non grata
Think there zoning on strata
Got a lot of Erik Estrada but not a lot of Akuma Matata
In and out of water like a piranha on a Prada or Dolce and Gabbana piñata
Waiting to Mexhale
Your girls in a Hyundai Excel
One lie away from writing me letters on Microsoft Excel
Cause and effect sales
Rhymes is ice in effect
Hail to the thief
Mail order some new teeth
Impailed through the Mexperiment
Underneath the burial reef
Carry a note and not a leaf
I'm an a anomaly
You're Amelie and you've got to leave
The dichotomy of your dye job is not godly
But oddly more runway modelly

[Verse 3: Busdriver]
I'm mistaken for the next Kool Keith
Because I interbreed indie rap acts and groom them at the pet boutique
But I'm stupid
I turn down test tube freak bleach blondes
Offering sex on a nude beach
To read palms for prep school geeks
Cause they sing along to each song
Why only do I appreciate the therapeutic properties of a sexy whore?
Is it because my vacant heart is a messy sore
Encased in an unrefined heavy ore?
It's exactly why jet fuel leaks out of my every pore
And rhymers can't even ingest the food I eat anymore
They would need six stomachs, a big budget and crisp hundreds
To bribe hand-picked judges
To share the winnings of the post-rap whiz kid
I'm a steaming blue baby
Hovering over a bigwigs business grid
My ideas go down smoothly
When you guzzle an Odwalla
My speech is littered with double entendres
And sharp sarcasm
I'm coupled with top sponsors
My tame ideas are on the wall of a chain of Ikeas

[Outro: Busdriver]
Your hero's bloodshed is sponsored by the sphinx's coonery under the monster eye
Your hero's bloodshed is sponsored by the sphinx's coonery under the monster eye
The world cannot be saved, children
The world cannot be saved, children
The world cannot be saved, children
The world cannot be saved



[Hook: André 3000, Andrea Nivet & Delvida Flaherty]
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James

[Verse 1: Sleepy Brown]
Dickie shorts, Lincoln's clean
Leanin', checking out the scene
Gangsta boys, Bigga's lit
Ridin' out, talkin' shit
Nigga, where you wanna go?
You know the club don't close 'til four
Let's party 'til we can't no more
Watch out here come the folk, "Damn"
Oh, Lord

[Verse 2: André 3000]
As the plot thickens
It gives me the dickens, reminiscent of Charles
A lil' discotheque nestled in the ghettos of Niggaville, USA
Via Atlanta, Georgia
A lil' spot where young men and young women go to experience they first littlel taste of the night life
Me? Well, I've never been there
Well, perhaps, once, but I was so engulfed in the Olde E, I never made it to the door
You speak of hardcore
While the DJ sweatin' out all the problems and troubles of the day
While this fine bow-legged girl fine as all outdoors
Lulls lukewarm lullabies in your left ear
Competing with "Set it Off," in the right
But it all blends perfectly, if you let the liquor tell it
"Hey hey look baby they playin' our song"
And the crowd goes wild as if Holyfield has just won the fight
But in actuality it's only about 3 A.M
And three niggas just don' got hauled
Off in the ambulance, sliced up
Two niggas don' start bustin', "wham! wham!"
And one nigga done took his shirt off, talkin' 'bout
"Now who else wanna fuck with Hollywood Court?"
It's just my interpretation of the situation

[Hook: André 3000]
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
Yes, when I first met my SpottieOttieDopalicious Angel
I can remember that damn thing like yesterday
The way she moved reminded me of a Brown Stallion
Horse with skates on, ya know
Smooth like a hot comb on nappy ass hair
I walked up on her and was almost paralyzed
Her neck was smelling sweeter
Than a plate of yams with extra syrup
Eyes beaming like four karats apiece just blindin' a nigga
Felt like I chiefed a whole O of that Presidential
My heart was beating so damn fast
Never knowing this moment would bring another
Life into this world
Funny how shit come together sometimes (ya dig)
One moment you frequent the booty clubs and
The next four years you & somebody's daughter
Raisin' y'all own young'n now that's a beautiful thang
That's if you're on top of your game
And man enough to handle real life situations (that is)
Can't gamble feeding baby on that dope money
Might not always be sufficient but the
United Parcel Service & the people at the Post Office
Didn't call you back because you had cloudy piss
So now you back in the trap just that, trapped
Go on and marinate on that for a minute

[Outro: André 3000, Andrea Nivet + Delvida]
Da, da, da, Ja, Ja, Ja
Da, da, da, Ja, Ja, Ja
Da, da, da, Ja, Ja, Ja
Da, da, da, Ja, Ja, Ja
Da, da, da, Ja, Ja, Ja
Da, da, da, Ja, Ja, Ja
Da, da, da, Ja, Ja, Ja
Da, da, da, Ja, Ja, Ja



[Verse 1: Dom McLennon]
I might go Interstellar
I feel like Matthew McConaughey
I don't care for what they gotta say
Tony Perkis how I drop the weight
Jason Bourne with the headshot
Jason Statham with the whip game
Liam Neeson with the rescue
I go Gunnar with the leather face
Bruce Campbell with the chains
Tobin Bell with the saw
Anthony Hopkins, I'm eatin' 'em raw
They don't know who we are
Molly Shannon I'm a superstar
Ride or die like it's Seabiscuit
Tryna stack like Tobey
John Wick, I don't leave a witness
Chris Paul, I'm assistin'
Ameer go Blake Griffin
Give me forty-eight minutes
We go '04 Pistons
Catch a fade like Robert Horry
Only time to get the spotlight
Deray how I'm top flight
Go Obama when I drop mics

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
I'm the black Tom Hanks
You can call me Nigga Banks
Secret Agent Cody Banks
Quarter pound of the dank
On the scale and it stank
Put my mama in a Range
I just bought a new Wraith
Nic Cage with the face off
John Travolta when I take off
Brad Pitt, start a fight club
Turn the trap into the nightclub
I'm like Prince with the white doves
Paint a picture with the white dust
Lionel Ritchie with the white bitch
Try to tell it to her nicely but she never wanna listen
Beat the pussy to submission
Tom Cruise on a mission
Pull a R&B singer, bring her back to South Central
I shine just like a popstar, MJ my initial
Kobe Bryant with the spin moves
If these niggas got issues
H-Town with Beyoncé, turn her to my prom date
Kingpin like JAY-Z, dance moves like JT

[Verse 3: Kevin Abstract]
Heath Ledger with some dreads
I just gave my nigga head
Standing on my two legs
Fuck what that nigga done said
Bruh, I don't fuck with no white boys
'less the nigga Shawn Mendes
I been off and I been dead
Bad as hell, I don't bench press
High school they ain't fuck with me
Now the critics don't fuck with me
My own fam ain't fuck with me
But Viceland did fuck with me
I'm the only popstar with no money
Can't drive, so I'm still running
Uber takin' all my show money
But that's okay, I got more money
Not enough to get my teeth fixed
So my boyfriend in the street, bitch
In the moonlight, I get seasick
Did ya see all the art that we did?
Did all that shit in a weekend
We was up all late tweakin', yeah
Ice Cube on a Friday, Chris Tucker on a Friday
Michael Cera on a Friday, Jonah Hill on a Friday
Rockin' Leo's blood diamonds
Sucked off on the highway
Police right behind me like a nigga stole his OJ
Okay, I don't play, got the same last name as O.J.



[Intro: 2Pac]
Starin' at the world through my rearview
Just lookin' back at the world
From another level, you know what I mean? Starin'

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Multiple gunshots clear the block, the fun stops
Snitches is callin' cops, people shot, nobody stops
I wonder when the world stopped carin'
Last night two kids shot while the whole block starin'
I will never understand this society
First they try to murder me, then they lie to me
Product of a dyin' breed; all my homies tryin' weed
Now the little babies crazed, raised off Hennessy
Tell me, will my enemies flee when they see me?
Believe me, even thugs gotta learn to take it easy
Listen, through intermissions, search your heart for a plan
And we turnin' bad boys to grown men, it's on again
I give a holla to my niggas in the darkest corners
Roll a perfect blunt, and let me spark it for ya
One love from a thug nigga
Rollin' with a posse full of paranoid drug dealers
To the end, my friend, I'm seein' nothin' but my dreams comin' true
While I'm starin' at the world through my rearview
See, I'm seein' nothin' but my dreams comin' true
While I'm starin' at the world through my rearview

[Hook: 2Pac]
They got me starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on, baby, scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin' time fly
And all my motherfuckers
Starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on, baby, scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin' time fly
And all my motherfuckers

[Verse 2: E.D.I. Mean]
Now you see him, now you don't
Some niggas be here for the moment, and then they gone
What happened to 'em?
Well, let's see, it seems to be a mystery
But all I know I never let the money get to me
Stay down like the truest
Thug Life until I check out this bitch, I thought you knew this
Who is gonna catch me when I fall or even care to?
While you thinkin' I see you lost up in my rearview
Hear you is down with them Outlawz
Outcast, left far, I'm through like southpaws
But still we keep mashin' until our dreams come through
Starin' at the world through my rearview

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
Now, I was raised as a young black male
In order to get paid, forced to make crack sales
Caught a nigga so they send me to these overpacked jails
In the cell, countin' days in this livin' black hell
Do you feel me? Keys to ignition, use at your discretion
Roll with a 12 gauge pump for protection
Niggas hate me in the section, from years of chin-checkin'
Turn to Smith & Wesson war weapons
Heavenly Father, I'm a soldier
I'm gettin' hotter 'cause the world's gettin' colder
Baby, let me hold ya: talk to my guns like they fly bitches
All you bustas best to run, look at my bitches!

[Bridge: 2Pac]
Now I know the answers to the question
“Do dreams come true?”
Still starin' at the world through my rearview
I said, now I know the answer
“Do dreams come true?”
Starin' at the world through my rearview

[Hook: 2Pac]
They got me starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on, baby, scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin' time fly
And all my motherfuckers
Starin' at the world through my rearview
Go on, baby, scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin' fast 'cause it's time to die
Gettin' high, watchin' time fly
And all my motherfuckers

Nigga Kadafi say

[Verse 3: Kadafi]
Back in the days we hustled for sneakers and beepers
Nine-six for Glocks
'Cause fiends hittin' up blocks with street sweepers
Bless myself when knowin' rules to these streets
Somethin' I learned in school
On some Million Man March shit for the peace
True that, only one life to lead, a fast life of greed
Criminally addicted, infested since a seed
We all die, breed, bleed like humans
Towns run by young guns, Outlawz and truants
Shit's deep, turn eighteen, burn my will when I go
Burnt my body with my shotty, or choosin' my dough
So while you reminiscin' all nights out with the crew
Smoke a blunt for me too, I'm starin' through your rearview

[Outro: 2Pac]
Hahahaha, you ain't knowin' what we mean by starin' through the rearview
So, since you ain't knowin' what we mean, let me break it better understandin' the world…The world is behind us
Once a motherfucker get an understandin' on the game, and what the levels and the rules of the game is
Then the world ain't no trick no more, the world is a game to be played
So, now we lookin' at the world from, high watch, behind us
Niggas know what we gotta do: just gotta put our mind to it and do it, it's all about the papers, money rule the world
Bitches make the world go round
Real niggas do what they wanna do, bitch niggas do what they can

[Hook repeats until end]



[Scratches: DJ Premier]
Step up

[Verse 1: Guru]
Once you step in the arena, cheater; you're gonna be a-
Mazed when you gaze at the armor on this leader
Fully clad and glad to fight a cause, I won't pause
Fear is a joke, slowpoke, I'm like claws
That'll rip 'cause your gift, is merely flesh
Superficial and I wish you, would give it a rest
But if you don't, I'll unsheath my Excalibur
Like a noble knight, so meet your challenger
A true hero, while you're a true zero
Gettin' beat to a pulp so that you can't run for help
I heard a gulp in your throat, 'cause you hope that I'll be merciful
But coo-cluck, I made you strut as I rehearse a few
Battle drills, and watch your bladder spill
Yellow fluid, check how I mellowly do it
Face defeat to this beat, you can tell I'm into it
As I'm pullin' out my lance, to kill you and advance to
The winner's throne; 'cause I own you once you step in the arena

[Scratches: DJ Premier]
Step up

[Verse 2: Guru]
In the arena... or rather coliseum
There's people gatherin' by multitudes to see one
Perpretrator fall to the dust after the other
Quickly disposed of at the hand of a known brother
Born with the art in his heart that is Spartacus
And one-to-one combat Jack, just a thought of this
Match-up, makes Gang Starr wanna snatch up
One or two phrases from the new book with new pages
Of rhymes that are built like a chariot
Dope vocals carry it, to the battle set
If a beat was a princess, I would marry it
But now I must bow to the crowd as I stand proud
Victorius, glorious, understand now
'Cause battles and wars and much fights I have been through
One MC got beheaded, and you can too
Forget it, 'cause you'd rather be just a spectator
An onlooker, afraid you may get slayed or
Struck by a blow from a mic gladiator
I betcha that later you might be sad that you played yourself
'Cause you stepped up, chest puffed out
And in just one lyric, you got snuffed out
'Cause rhymin' is serious, I'm strong, I'm like Hercules
You'll get hurt with these lines, close the curtains please
And suckers can jet 'cause I wreck once you step in the arena

[Scratches: DJ Premier]
Step inside my arena

[Verse 3: Guru]
In the arena or forum, weak MC's, I will floor 'em
Causin' mayhem, I'll slay them, and the blood'll be pourin'
Furthermore I implore that as a soldier of war
I go in only to win and be the holder of more
Trophies, titles, and triumphs 'cause I dump all the sly chumps
Never choosin' to lose my spot, not once
For the mere idea of an opponent that I'd fear
Is foolish utterly, I mean, what nut'd be
Tryin' to toy with a destroyer of many
You shitted your pants 'cause you can't think of any
Foe that could step to this concept so
You better sit again, citizen; weak MC's, I get rid of them
Watch the way they get distraught when they get caught
In the worst positions, 'cause they didn't listen
And tried goin' up against a hungry killer who's itchin'
To maim and murder, those who claimed that they were the
Toughest ones, they get done once they step in the arena

[Scratches: DJ Premier]
Step inside my arena



[Refrain]
Jungle Rule - can't be no fool
Jungle Rule - can't be no fool
(I needed a little taste to that)

[Verse 1]
Twisting joints like a contortionist
Laid in the Porsche
My father driving
Days been sunny since I started rhyming
No denying me; I'm known to keep a fresh foot like podiatry
Nobody high as me
Green Timbs, in Vegas I'm like Steve Wynn
At the same time, fellatio from three twins
Those are triplets; I've been wilding since the Rabbi snipped it
Then they laughed, and ate brisket, fuck!
On my behalf, he had a meeting at the Neptune
Had little daddy hide the heater in the restroom
Guns drawn like my bath by my lady friend
Mesothelioma money: drop Mercedes-Benz
And I ain't never left, you know I'm still here
Spit the shit to bring a cripple out the wheelchair
Bite a bitch like George Whipple in the stair case
Long as she got big nipples and a tan face

[Refrain]
Jungle Rule - can't be no fool
(Yeah, you're in the concrete right now)
Devil is on the loose, no coop

[Verse 2]
Foul living like Sandusky and Paterno
I've been husky, motherfuckers couldn't touch me
'Lo rugby with an Asian model so ugly
Celebration 1987, no bubbly
Facially, I'm like a young John Kennedy
More obscenity; EBT in Genovese
Go to Ock, get 70 for 100
I want the 75 from Ocky but he fronted
Take the money, cop 5 dimes, 2 chicken sandwiches, 9 limes
For the Canada Dry; pose for the cameras by the banister, "Hi"
In the summer, rock the vest set – Salmon Kani
Flex the three-quarter cream Fi's
We're summer seam G's; steamed red snapper – Vietnamese
Catch a case, get a Jewish lawyer, beat it with cheese
Fuck the beef cause it don't go together, read em and weep
It's very easy, make you disappear now, kid
Make your paper, but you need to stay grounded
Eyes wide like a chick that got the dick in the butt
We're out here, trying to get the money, baby, live it up

[Outro]
Talk about me if you please, but I must be Hercules
Hercules
I must be Hercules!



[Produced By Havoc]

[Verse 1: Prodigy]
Fresh out the motherfuckin' pack
Yo, to all my niggas uncivilized to civilized
We cook the shake move the weight across the tri-state
Them jux niggas bring the shook up out the crook type
Special deliver sending shots through your Ac' Vigor
My Infamous Mobb get on they job
The truth gets revealed like we W Fard
Some sheisty New York niggas, thirsty for cheddar
You shining, you get your jewels taken with your Hill sweater
Keeping these rap fans like crack fiends
Until we re-up, and put more Infamous up on the rap scene
Mix the coke rhymes with beats just like baking soda
Albums is G-Packs selling across foreign waters
My Mobb picks is like dime bricks
Satisfaction, guaranteed real shit
Rapper Noyd, we meet you at the top kid
And once we all on top ain't no stopping it
I'm headstrong, at peace with myself like Islam
You stupid, a hundred niggas form around me
Like force field, pull out and use the gun like shield
The crew is worldwide, to think we started from the hill
Beware, of quiet niggas laying in the cut (For what?)
Patiently watching waiting for a come up
Get your spot took, we rob land like white man
Plans to overthrow your whole shit while shaking your hand

[Hook]
Up the ladder of success with Tecs, we build and destroy
Still shining, still climbing
Up the ladder of success with Tecs, we build and destroy
Still shining, still climbing

[Verse 2: Havoc]
Nine-six to the motherfucking year two G
The Mobb got it locked with the master keys
Word life combination to the safe it's on
Get that loot motherfucker, spread love when you on
The 41st got the heat for them niggas that thirst
Yes divine nine shine put that ass in line
Regulate, I'm only here just to take what's mine
My shit combine, dangerous minds done bust the outline
A half a man generating grands
Kid, you know how I go, only fuck with fam
That's why you're looking from the outside in
Wondering how we bubbling, hustling, breaking days in
Grimy motherfuckers, getting info from your baby's mother
Got her pillow talking while that ass is sleepwalking
So all that bullshit you did, I know where you live
You better be on point when you walk in the rest
Your broke ass probably don't got a vest
So I suggest change your location is best
'Cause I'm coming through army fatigue dressed
Blessed with hollow tips yes, to burn through your dirty ass Guess
(Yes, still shining, still climbing)

[Verse 3: Prodigy]
A-yo, your timing was way the fuck off, what is you trying?
This faggot ass cat should get clapped for even trying
He tried to confront me but only faced iron
Put holes through your shirt like Jamaican clothes
Fuck the myths, but science in numbers is how I live
If we ain't getting mathematics something got to give
Broke all your fucking life with no will to live
There's no way to live, resort to Plan B
Start to sticking, strong arm robbery and ice picking
It's sneak vicking, it's cold outside
I think it's past time for me to grab the clapper and take mines
You follow what I'm saying, it's like leading the blind
Trying to voice a clear picture of this life of crime
You slow learners'll understand in due time
Up the ladder of success with Tecs, we trying to eat
And put that fly shit on my back
And bless my feet with some new and improved, spectate or make a move
Hesitate or regulate it's on you

[Hook]
Up the ladder of success with Tecs, we build and destroy
Still climbing, still shining
Up the ladder of success with Tecs, we build and destroy
Still shining, still climbing
Up the ladder of success with Tecs, we build and destroy
Still shining, still climbing
Up the ladder of success with Tecs, we build and destroy
What?

9-6 motherfucker...
The Infamous...



[Verse 1: Prodigy]
M-O-B-B D-E-E-P, A.C.D. burn somethin'
Let's get lifted, Queens is you with me?
Niggas' shifty, I turned around, a kid tried to hit me
I back him down with the 50-50
It had to been the thug in me
The Tunnel banging come and get me
The first five hundred bitches free
The kid with the God-U will let all my gods come through
Live niggas on this side of the bar, you get smacked, boo
And fucked too, shit on me? Well then, fuck you
Gone with your high class ass if you want to
Outta state you be suckin' me off and breakin' off
Weave bitch thinks she's stallion but my dick went soft
My Mobb got in lock with Masterlock
You get your locks picked
Run up in your spot, mask and glove shit
Queens niggas involved with thug shit, you get lumped'd
Quick, we in the bathroom thumpin'

[Verse 2: Ammo]
To the three-time losers, alcohol abusers
Big money spenders and the Ebineezer Scroogers
Thugs holdin' fort with the sixteen shot Rugers
The CREAM that I redeem will bring a Lex and Landcruiser
Dominant chapter, assassin'in the obsolete
And my Mobb comes Deep to put the wind beneath your feet
My heart's harder than concrete, and nervous streets
Be walked offbeat, but still thugs carry heats
I get deeper than skin, paragraphs from within
Dear lord, my life is trife, please forgive for me sins
My kin stay my kin, ain't no room for extra friends
One love to my thugs up north in the pens
Be a prophet to raise, beat my speech on stage
Lyricist renegade, breakin' down barricades
These days are gettin' rough, another brother handcuffed
Fallen victim to the game it's like style's corrupt

[Hook: Prodigy]
My crime niggas live the (Street life)
Them Queens niggas livin' (Street life)
My drug niggas livin' (Street life)
My street niggas livin' (Street life)
We thug niggas livin' (Street life)
N.Y.C. livin' (Street life)
My Mobb niggas livin' (Street life)
What?

[Verse 3: Havoc]
For every rhyme I write, reality bites
My clique keeps shit virgin tight
Regulate and know the rule
I gets some insight plus info, doin' stickups with my kickos
My .44 will burn that ass like going raw with nymphos
So protect your lifestyle, rock your vest
Or get your Teflon put to the motherfuckin' test
State pen put on points, son you know
Stay on the low, got the back, or no-no
When I'm on the dolo, got the God-U-Now
Kid, you wanna get foul, so now I gotta put that ass back on profile
Change your character, you ain't got stamina
Nigga get that dough, I ain't mad at'cha
The Infamous handle business, gonna make mines
Forever, son, kid you heard it through the grapevine

[Verse 4: A-Dog]
To my royal thug committees and outlaws that live the life of Frank Nitty
The big city mobster, the ? has made the
God unholy, skies forever watch me
The prophecy, another chapter, there's no stoppin' me
Crime Addiction, my life story is far from fiction
Because at one time, the .44 bullets took the world, bring sparks and friction
I anaylse this Earth, so I roll with trife characters
The hardest for the world to cap, and shining like a
Full carat diamond with perfect design
Philly's and 9 mili's and Coupe Bentley's forever reclinin'
To the shoot, physicals in this paradox
The world is hot and my plot is to receive grands and yachts
Until then I be a trife individual, dwellin' in these days
Scorchin' from the D's plus the sun's rays
Dead President dreams and million dollar schemes
Killer Queens, the land of CREAM fiends
A.C.D. the world terrorist
Stainless Rugers for the intruders and my cipher's Infamous
Through New York and worldwide, we penetrate your inside
*?Diamond did?* drama, son, and 9 clips so prepare for heaven's ride

[Hook: Prodigy]
A.C.D. livin' (Street life)
My ice niggas livin' (Street life)
Them jewel rockin' niggas livin' (Street life)
Them crack niggas livin' (Street life)
Them coke-sellin' niggas livin' (Street life)
Word, N.Y.C. livin' (Street life)
My man L.E.S. livin' (Street life)
The whole Queensbridge livin' (Street life)
Word up son, we're livin' (Street life)

[Outro: Prodigy (Havoc)]
KnowI'msayin? Word up, A.C.D., Mobb Deep in the motherfuckin'....
Yo yo, uh
Hold me down son (No doubt son)
Back 'em down son (I got'cha back son)



[Intro]
Let me know
Do I still got time to grow?
Things ain't always set in stone
That be known let me know
Let me...

[Verse]
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there

[Chorus]
In the streets
In the streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair

[Verse]
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there

[Chorus]
In the streets
In the streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair
Life's just not fair



[Intro]
Better slow down baby
I’m out here wildin'
Better slow down baby
Shit is crazy

[Chorus]
You need to slow down baby
My whole team cash and load out baby
I’m a hero in my home town, baby
Stop talking, just go down, baby

[Verse 1]
Shit on my chest, shoot colors like a care bear
All year see me tan, hopping out the van
You wasn’t there, now you tryna show face
Fuck around, be a cold case
Chrome skates on an old day
Remote control chains, promote dough for the veins
Poke chicks, hoes with vogue legs
Eat steaks off a gold plate, stoned, listening to Coldplay

[Chorus]
You need to slow down baby
My whole team cash and load out baby
I’m a hero in my home town, baby
Stop talking, just go down, baby

[Verse 2]
Long knife by the spinal, built like a rhino
Push the 635 to the finals
Pearl white like what you sniffin’ in your sinus
The finest vaginas demolished by my dick
One year from Queens to the top
Cream of the crop, serve a fiend out my sock
Five minutes till they lean like the drop
Now they spinning through the furnace like the scene from The Rock
Hide spinach like a doomsday prepper
Every Sunday in my Tuesday leather
Now my beard look like Uday and Qusay
Play the pool on a cool day

[Chorus]
You need to slow down baby
My whole team cash and load out baby
I’m a hero in my home town, baby
Stop talking, just go down, baby

[Verse 3]
A lot of people with their hands out now
Got these motherfuckers mad ‘cause I’mma stand out now
You never let the hammer off, you got the soft hands
I hear you singing for the boss man, dog
I’m from a lost land, spill coke on the heater
Drop a little sauce on the beater
Zero to 60 in a Porsche like a cheetah
New York, I'm like Jeter, light Caesar
No hypebeaster, rock a nice sneaker
You get drugs for a good price
My price cheaper, guaranteed
My trunk snapping like a tambourine
Bodying these pussies with a camera team

Uh! You better slow down, baby
Uh! You better slow down, baby
Uh! You better slow down, baby
You better slow down, baby

[Chorus]
You need to slow down baby
My whole team cash and load out baby
I’m a hero in my home town, baby
Stop talking, just go down, baby

[Outro]
You need to slow down baby
I'm a hero in my home town, baby



[Verse 1: Merlyn Wood]
Merlyn, hoppin' out the vehicle, I feel like Batman
Hanging with directors, 'bout that action
So please don't stick and move in my direction
All I got to lose is my erection

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann & Matt Champion]
I'm a black man (what drug reference, huh?!)
With a deadly weapon
I'm a real dog, we all go to heaven
But I been trippin' on the steps and I don't think I'll make it
I'm in this big house (rewind!) still I'm suffocating

[Verse 3: Matt Champion]
Carnival, my heart like a Supreme phantom
Goin' hundred speed, blowin' steam, I throw a tantrum
Judging by my face, my eyes slit like a python
I think she might hate me for a lifetime, ay, ay
Daddy cracking red drum, you pay for the pipeline
Goin' out the weather, leave my name, I'm goin' offline
I just want my shit to fit, tailored just like Tiffany
Oh, they say I'm perfect, on my back, oh, man, they killin' me

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Merlyn Wood]
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)

[Verse 4: Dom McLennon]
White burner, black burner, I do not discriminate
I am on a pilgrimage so don't try to insinuate
Building up in instruments to aim it at the human race
Let it off in hopes that all the pain and stress disintegrates
I think you intolerant, when you do the most it's moderate
I come with that gas that'll make you think I had a doctorate
What we do provocative, I ain't no apologist
Don't step to professionals and books (rewind), they move like hostages

[Verse 5: Kevin Abstract]
America's favorite, I do my best and they hate it
It's like I'm stuck in the matrix and I'm stuck losin' patience
While they stuck on they day shift, I hate my boyfriend's fragrance
I'm a faggot, I say it, I scream that shit like I mean it
Yeah, I'm ugly and genius
I went from nothing to sleeping on Jon's couch
To makin' people bounce at every show that's sold out
You know who I'm talkin' 'bout, with ghouls all in my dirty mouth
Boys be on that silly shit so Billy 'bout to air 'em out

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Merlyn Wood]
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)



[Intro: Puff Daddy]
Hello? Aw shit, nigga!
What the fuck time is it, man?
Oh goddamn
Nigga, do you know what time it is?
Aw shit, what the fuck's goin' on? You a'ight?
Nigga, what the fuck is wrong with you?

[Verse: The Notorious B.I.G. + (Puff Daddy)]
When I die, fuck it, I wanna go to hell
'Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell
It don't make sense, goin' to heaven with the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Timbs and black hoodies
God'll prob'ly have me on some real strict shit
No sleepin' all day, no gettin' my dick licked
Hangin' with the goodie-goodies, loungin' in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice
(You talkin' some crazy shit now, nigga)
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wish she got a fuckin' abortion
She don't even love me like she did when I was younger
(Get a hold of yourself, nigga!)
Suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger
I wonder; if I died, would tears come to her eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies
My baby mother's eight months, her little sister's two
Who's to blame for both of them? (Nah, nigga, not you)
I swear to God I want to just slit my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit
(Nigga, what the fuck?)
And squeeze until the bed's completely red
(It's too late for this shit, man)
I'm glad I'm dead, a worthless fuckin' buddha head
The stress is buildin' up, I can't— I can't believe
(Yo, I'm on my way over there, man)
Suicide's on my fuckin' mind, I wanna leave
I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
But nah, you wouldn't understand
(Nigga, talk to me please, man!)
You see it's kinda like the crack did to Pookie in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back
(Yo, I'ma call you when I get in the car)
Should I die on the train track like Ramo in Beat Street
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me
(Ayo, where your girl at, man?)
My baby mama kiss me, but she glad I'm gone
(Yo, put your girl on the phone, nigga!)
She know me and her sister had somethin' goin' on
I reach my peak, I can't speak
(Ayo, you listenin' to me, motherfucker?)
Call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak (Ayo, c'mon, nigga)
I'm sick of niggas lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin'
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin' *BANG*
(Ayo Big! Ayo Big!)

[Outro]
{Heartbeat slowing}
Please hang up, and try your call again
Please hang up—is a recording



[Intro: Pharrell]
Yeah... I just ordered one, my nigga
Yeah...

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
I’m still a snow mover, blow harder than tuba
Designated shooters, turn weed to woolers
Condo in Atlanta, money counters like the NASDAQ
In that glass back, the motor is the ass crack
I’m still feeding divas like I feed the meter
Holy father to 'em, I ain’t talking Jesus neither
Balance on the scale, I ain’t a Libra either
I’m just a name and a number with the means to reach ya
Grim Reaper, him cheaper, hemp chiefer
His army, MCM on gym sneakers
You knowin' that hymn better, he been preaching
You motherfuckers is bloodsuckers, you been leeching
Been Baller, been Jacob, been dealer
Been realer, pound sign, been trilla
All killer, no filler, been iller
Fraud niggas, you Zoolander, Ben Stiller

[Hook]
When it comes to shooters, my niggas is trained to go
And they gettin' practice on bitches who breaking codes
Thirty-five hundred, just point and give 'em a name
They back flipping niggas, that go for rappers the same
You don't know me, nigga, fuck out my way

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Between a renter and a homeowner
Hip Hop Weekly cover and a Rolling Stoner
Lufthansa I heist, nigga, or that bitch Winona
Stop comparing me to rappers 'cause they in their moment
Might have crossed the name brand every blue
But these brand names to a brand owner isn't new
Don't make us equal 'cause we shared a bitch or two
She ain't the angel that you think, she reincarnated too
I build mine off fed time and dope lines
You caught steam off headlines and co-signs
Young niggas cliquing up with my rivals
Like the Bible don't burn, like these bullets don't spiral
Like I can't see the scenes that you mirror in your idol
But a pawn’s only purpose is completely suicidal
Ooh! Suicide, it's a suicide
I'm just talking to the world like it's you and I

[Hook]
When it comes to shooters, my niggas is trained to go
And they gettin' practice on bitches who breaking codes
Thirty-five hundred, just point and give 'em a name
They back flipping niggas, that go for rappers the same
You don't know me, nigga, fuck out my way

[Verse 3: Ab-Liva]
Nothing but cash here, this sweater is cashmere
The roof is a translucent, it's nothing but glass there
The car is a concept, what's next is my last year
My future is bright hot, you never can last here
I'm top five, listen, who hot in the past year?
Five heartbeats and I'm feeling like Flash here
'Cause what I captured is the beast unleashed in the pasture
Story of the sheep and the wolves I unmaster
Fifty in the liquor, unwrapped 'em
Unpacked, powder rise and it falls like Sebastian
Telfair, tailor-made suits hand crafted
Over Bottega Veneta, high tops unfastened
S550 drop top is unimaginable
To my hand drop and then he unattached it
Practice it, niggam brick, break down, break dance
Crab walk, back spin, tanner than my black skin

[Hook]
When it comes to shooters, my niggas is trained to go
And they gettin' practice on bitches who breaking codes
Thirty-five hundred, just point and give 'em a name
They back flipping niggas, that go for rappers the same
You don't know me, nigga, fuck out my way



[Produced by Noah "40" Shebib, Boi-1da & Cubeatz]

[Intro: Drake]
Looking, looking, looking
Looking, looking, looking
Looking, looking
Looking
Looking

[Hook: Drake]
Looking for revenge
All summer sixteen
All summer sixteen
Playing dirty not clean
Out in front of Four Seasons
Looking like a damn football team
All in the same thing
All repping one thing
Looking for revenge

[Verse 1: Drake]
To do what you couldn't do
Tell Obama that my verses are just like the whips that he in
They bulletproof
Minus twenty we in Pitfield
That Kai's kitchen in a Canada Goose
Famous as fuck but I’m still in the cut when they round up the troops
I’m just a sicko, a real sicko when you get to know me nigga
I let the diss record drop, you was staying right below me, nigga
We must have played it a hundred times, you was going to bed
Why would I put on a vest? I expect you to aim for the head
I coulda killed you the first time
You don’t have to try and say it louder nigga
Trust, we heard you the first time
It’s nothing personal I would have done it to anyone
And I blame where I came from
And I blame all my day ones
You know Chubbs like Draymond
You better off not saying nothing
Them boys they a handful
Then I hit ‘em with the Hotline
Chris Breezy with the dance moves
Mo-G with the dance moves
Ave Boy with the dance moves
Jimi Hendrix with the solo
Those are strings that you can’t pull
Yeah, and I could really dish it out
Come and get it from the source
Fuck with all the word of mouth
Golden State running practice at my house
Nigga, what am I about?
You gon’ really feel it now
I’m out here…

[Hook: Drake]
Looking for revenge
All summer sixteen
All summer sixteen
Playing dirty not clean
Out in front of Four Seasons
Looking like a damn football team
All repping one thing
Looking for revenge

[Beat switch]

[Verse 2: Drake]
All you boys in the new Toronto want to be me a little
All your exes know I like my O’s with a V in the middle
You would love it if I went away or didn’t say nothing else
How am I keeping it real by keeping this shit to myself?
You was never gang, gang, gang, gang, you was never one of us
Had us fooled for a minute there, now we done all grown up
But I’m better off anyway, y’all never gon’ finish Drake
Say you seeing ‘bout it when you see me man y’all never home anyway
Thought of things that you shoulda said, said things that you shouldn’t say
We even gave y'all the whole money play and y'all broke to this day
“Oh it’s your time now” yeah, that’s what everybody say
I used to wanna be on Roc-A-Fella then I turned into Jay
Now I got a house in LA, now I got a bigger pool than Ye
And look man, Ye’s pool is nice, mine's just bigger's what I’m saying
I’m that nigga’s what I’m saying
Getting things done around here
How you let me run it down here
I’m not even from around here
Six, six, six, six, six soon as I’m back in the city they throw a parade
I might get a key to the city and give it to Wayne
Or give it to one of the young boys to carry the wave
Yeah, so trust me, they’ll be out here…

[Hook: Drake]
Looking for revenge
All summer sixteen
All summer sixteen
Playing dirty not clean
Out in front of Four Seasons
Looking like a damn football team
All repping one thing
Looking for...

[Outro: DJ Khaled]
They don’t want us to have a bigger pool than Kanye



[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt]
I know it don't seem difficult to hit you up
But you not passionate about half the shit that you into
And I ain't havin' it
And we both know that I don't mean to offend you
I'm just focused today
And I don't know why it's difficult to admit that I miss you
And I don't know why we argue, and I just hope that you listen
And if I hurt you I'm sorry, the music makes me dismissive
When I'm awake I'm just drifting, I'm not complaining
It's just to say that I stay pretty busy, lately
And I could be misbehaving, I just hang with my niggas
I'm fuckin' famous if you forgot, I'm faithful
Despite all what's in my face and my pocket
And this is painfully honest
And when I say it I vomit, on cloudy days when I'm salty
I play the hate to the Logic
State to state for the profit, it ain't a stain on me, nigga
My momma raised me a prophet, I play for dollar incentive
And where I'm walking, it's studded, and half-retarded, I stumble
To where she park when she visit, I grab the bottle and chug it
I see the car in the distance, I know the dark isn't coming
For the moment, if I could hold it
See, it seems that

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt]
All my dreams got dimmer when I stopped smoking pot
Nightmares got more vivid when I stopped smoking pot
And loving you is a little different, I don't like you a lot
You see, it seems like, um

[Verse 2: Frank Ocean]
I’m coming back, I gotta handle business
Vanish to my sleeper seat, left you at terminal three
I’ll meet you down at baggage claim in a couple weeks, a fortnight
When you parade my homecoming, don’t cry
You know I can’t live in any place I visit, to live and die in LA
I got my Fleetwood Mac, I could get high every day
But I’d be sleepy, OCD and paranoid, so
Give me Bali beach, no molly, please, palm, no marijuana trees
Your hickeys on my aorta, and tattoos you could only see
When I’m playing surfboard, I put whiskey in that salt water
I emptied every canteen
Just to wear that straight edge varsity you think’s cool
They called me soft in High School, thank God I’m jagged
Forgot you don’t like it rough, I mean he called me a faggot
I was just calling his bluff
I mean, how anal am I gon' be when I’m aiming my gun?
And why’s his mug all bloody, that was a three on one?
Standing ovation at Staples, I got my Grammys and gold
Polka dots on my Brit, I’m not supposed to be stunting
It’s all melodic, this song
I catch this vibe in my sleep, but I’m just jet-lagged is all
And restless

[Hook: Frank Ocean]
All my dreams got more vivid when I stopped smoking pot
Nightmares got more vivid when I stopped smoking pot
Loving you’s a little different I don’t like you a lot
I mean… fuck

[Outro: Both]
I don’t know what we’re about
What good is West Coast weather if you’re bi-polar?
If I'mma need this sweater, I’d rather be where it’s cold
Where it snows, I see how it goes
I put the flowers in bowls, I know they’re coming in droves
You’ll only miss when it goes
Yeah, I think that’s it
When it goes



[Verse 1]
Yeah nigga, it's me again
I'm still around, I guess I win
You hear me in your sister's room like all the time
"Gambino Girl forever!" on that bracelet that she bought online
To dudes who couldn't take it, might I say, "hasta luego"
Cause I'm taking all your city like I'm Carmen San Diego
I'm smoking, I'm on fire
I am blazing, don't get hurt
To my white dudes, it's a concert
To my black nerds, this is church
From that NYU dorm to the Emory
Everyone hated me, I'm more hip hop than you'll ever be
Im busting, busting busting, I'm busting on these niggas, man
And nothing, nothing nothing, n-nothing is the same again
You looking dumb as hell man for ever sleeping on him
Your girl is not around, she busy sleepin on him
Will he fail? Now that's the wrong conversation
Terry Gross on the mic, I'm the talk of the nation, uh

[Chorus]
Hey, what it do bitch?
Why these other rappers do shit stupid?
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
Hey, what it do bitch?
Why these other rappers do shit stupid?
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit

[Verse 2]
New shit
You didn't know?
Black rock like a fuckin' LOST episode
Somethin' for these black kids to call they own
So when you skatin' in your driveway, you not alone
She stay down like that new coat that I bought her
And the fly Rihanna girls be drinkin' my coconut water
And I'm lookin' at her butt
Thats that 20/20 hindsight
My shit be Jackson, Jordan, Bolton, Keaton, Tyson: 5 Mikes
Donald Glover, no relation
Always workin', no vacation
They couldn't feel me, no vocation
Murder verses the only motive was motivation
Money equals freedom
I've wanted this since a three-year-old
I've seen it all, like I'm John Mayer's penis hole
Bein' me, that's something that's so unusual
I've seen the future, and the future go

[Chorus]
Hey, what it do bitch?
Why these other rappers do shit stupid?
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
Hey, what it do bitch?
Why these other rappers do shit stupid?
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit

[Outro]
Can't you hear me baby?
Can't you hear me callin' out your name?
Can't you hear me baby?
Oh, can't you hear me callin' out your name?



[Intro: Prodigy]
Yeah, sendin' this one out
To my man Killa B
No doubt indeed
Where that weed?
Nomsayin'?
That old real shit

[Verse 1: Prodigy]
There's a war goin' on outside no man is safe from
You could run, but you can't hide forever
From these streets that we done took
You walkin' with your head down, scared to look
You shook, ‘cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
They never around when the beef cooks in my part of town
It's similar to Vietnam
Now we all grown up and old, and beyond the cops' control
They better have the riot gear ready
Tryin' to bag me and get rocked steady
By the MAC one-double, I touch you
And leave you with not much to go home with
My skin is thick, ‘cause I be up in the mix of action
If I'm not at home, puffin' lye, relaxin'
New York got a nigga depressed
So I wear a slug-proof underneath my Guess
God bless my soul
Before I put my foot down and begin to stroll
Into the drama I built
And all unfinished beef, you will soon be killed
Put us together, it's like mixin' vodka and milk
I'm goin out blastin', takin' my enemies with me
And if not, they scarred, so they will never forget me
Lord, forgive me
The Hennessy got me not knowin' how to act
I'm fallin' and I can't turn back
Or maybe it's the words from my man Killa Black
That I can't say so it's left a untold fact
Until my death, my goal's to stay alive
Survival of the fit, only the strong survive

[Hook: Havoc]
Yo, yo, we livin' this 'til the day that we die
Survival of the fit, only the strong survive
(We still livin' it)
We livin' this 'til the day that we die
Survival of the fit, only the strong survive
(Thug life, we still livin' it)
We livin' this 'til the day that we die
Survival of the fit, only the strong survive
(We still livin' it)
We livin' this 'til the day that we die
Survival of the fit, only the strong survive

[Verse 2: Havoc]
I'm trapped, in between two worlds, tryin' to get dough
Y'know, when the dough get low the jewels go
But never that, as long as fiends smoke crack
I'll be on the block hustlin', countin' my stacks
No doubt, watchin' my back and proceed with caution
Five-oh lurkin', no time to get lost in the system
Niggas usin' fake names to get out quick
My brother did it and got bagged with two ounces
I live a world where squads hit the block hard
Ask my man Twin when he got bagged
That fucked me up, God, but shit happens for a reason
You find out who's your true peoples
When you're upstate bleedin'
You can't find a shorty to troop your bid with you
Hit with a two to four is difficult
Wild on the streets, I try to maintain
Tight with my loot, ‘cause hoes like to run game
Some niggas like to trick, but I ain't with that trickin' shit
I'm like a Jew, savin' dough so I can big whip
Pushin' a Lex, now I'm set, ready to jet
No matter how much loot I get
I'm stayin' in the projects forever
Jakes on the blocks we out-clever
If beef, we never separate and pull together
When worse comes to worst, my peoples come first
Try to react and get them motherfuckin' feelings hurt
My crew's all about loot—fuck lookin' cute!
I'm strictly Timb boots and Army certified suits
Puffin L's, laid back, enjoyin' the smell
In the Bridge, gettin' down, it ain't hard to tell
You better realize

[Hook: Mobb Deep]
Yo, yo, we livin' this 'til the day that we die
Survival of the fit, only the strong survive
(We still livin' it)
We livin' this 'til the day that we die
Survival of the fit, only the strong survive
(Thug life, we still livin' it)
We livin' this 'til the day that we die
Survival of the fit, only the strong survive
(We still livin' it)
We livin' this 'til the day that we die
Survival of the fit, only the strong survive

[Outro: Prodigy]
Open your eyes and get wise
Look alive, in '95, word up
Hypnotic thug life, get that ass paralyzed
Nomsayin? Mobb Deep and all that



[Video Intro: Ameer Vann & Robert Ontenient]
I could be here all day. You're gonna tell me what I need to know. You're gonna tell me! Are you gonna tell me? C'mon, spit it out...
Me Ilamo Roberto, y este es el camino al éxito.

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Matt Champion]
Fucking commas up from the outside
From the outside, from the outside
Fu-fucking dollars up from the outside
From the outside, from the outside
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?

[Verse 1: Ameer Vann]
My daddy taught me how to sell dope
Turn grams into elbows
Light it up when the L rolled
Black mask, used to kick doors
Wasn't no bullets in the guns though
Niggas still never argued
Raid the house like the task force
Me and my niggas like drug dogs
Find the dope then we take off
Fuck my girl with my chain on
Then she tatted my name on it
Yellowstone, I was raised on it
Actavis in my baby bottle
Baby stroller was an Impala
Niggas like to talk down on me
When I see 'em, I don't hear about it

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Matt Champion]
Fucking commas up from the outside
From the outside, from the outside
Fu-fucking dollars up from the outside
From the outside, from the outside
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?

[Verse 2: Merlyn Wood]
(Merlyn! Merlyn!)
Never would've met my friends if not for satellites
Yeah, I'll cuff her even if she do not suck me right (suck me, suck me!)
Always planned to be a rapper when I failed at life
Luckily professor failed me at the proper time (yee! yee!)
Shh-shh, shh, I say "please" all the time, bitch
Shh-shh, shh, I like white collar crime, bitch
Shh-shh, shh, money digital broke and
Shh-shh, shh, Ghana prince in your messages

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
I know you hate me for leavin'
Then let's go crazy together
When I tell ya all the things that I'm thinking
Just so that we could get better
But you wanna put my heart on the stretcher
I don't got insurance for this pressure
Wanna find the benefits, I can't measure
Trying not to run out on my temper
I can see the ash and the ember
That was made from emotional texture
I don't know why I took this endeavor
Don't identify with oppressors
Don't identify with surrender
All of my old friends fair-weather
Gotta treat my heart like a treasure
'Cause all I know is no one else will

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Matt Champion]
Fucking commas up from the outside
From the outside, from the outside
Fu-fucking dollars up from the outside
From the outside, from the outside
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?

[Verse 4: Joba]
You do not know me, don't speak of my homies, you are a phony
Quit pinnin' shit on me, you gon' bring out the old me
You don't wanna know what I wanna do when y'all talk down on my name
I don't wanna see you in the street 'cause I might catch a case
People smile when they face to face (woo, woo, woo!)
Then turn their back and switch up words you say (ah, ah, ah!)
Running to the papers everyday (woo, woo, woo!)
I'm running to the paper anyway (ah, ah, ah!)

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Matt Champion]
Fucking commas up from the outside
From the outside, from the outside
Fu-fucking dollars up from the outside
From the outside, from the outside
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?
They been talkin' down on me (huh) what ya say?



[Verse 1]
Listen, Listen
Real nigga I got y'all
Hit up and eat up a nigga, hot dog
AK-47 shoot a nigga
Fuck you and your crew nigga
Ya'll niggas weak as fuck
I come through in a pink ass truck
Big rims, big body
Ya'll niggas 12 gauge shottie
Pow, pow to a nigga dome
Run up through a nigga home
Nigga know his bitch a bitch
And I'm a dog I give that bitch a bone
Arf, Arf, bark, bark can't see a nigga in the dark, dark
Hit a nigga quick, nigga got a problem, make his bitch lick a dick
I'm a mothafuckin goon ass nigga you don't really wanna fuck with



[Verse 1: Matt Champion]
Stripped down to my skin and my bones
I love huskies but I feel like a wolf (Howl!)
In a pack but I feel all alone
I'm scatterbrained man, better offer the clone
In Tejas apartments with racists doin' weird shit
Like, this'll make the biopic (Haha!)
Rile 'em up, hit Zaxby's, get the wing and tings (Yum!)
Real quick bills still stacking to the ceiling (Uh-oh...)
Whatchu mean, it ain't working? (What?)
Whatchu mean, you ain't finding yourself? (Oh, I am, I'm trying)
Whatchu mean, you ain't got no cash? (I got a little bit...)
Whatchu mean? Whatchu mean?
Shouldn't your pockets be big just like a fat chick? (Uh-huh!)
Shouldn't your mama be done paying the house off? (I guess?)
Shouldn't you have a real big-ass ego? (No?)
Shouldn't these girls be flockin' just like seagulls? (Eh...)

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Twistin' me up like licorice
Think I need someone who can handle it
Ice on my boys and my wrist is fixed
I don't need nobody tryna give me shit
Twistin' me up like licorice
Think I need someone who can handle it
Ice on my boys and my wrist is fixed
I don't need nobody tryna give me shit

[Verse 2: Dom McLennon]
The original lick-splickety, higher than Yosemite
Breaking the mold mentally, master with no limiting
Making 'em say "ugh!", they worshipping our force viciously
Watching the floor tip in your temple of authenticity
Often they say I’m off it, I offer my crossed empathy
They forgot what we on, I’ll remind 'em with hostility
Hot-diggity damn, everyone running scams
Gotta cover your clams and take another glance
Running a clinic, no scans, ain't no one claimin' yo mans
It's all pertaining to plan, call me the architect
Lap you in a UFO, I haven't started yet
Still gotta figure out exactly where to park it at
Moses with the pen, each line an ocean I can part it at
But that's too deep

[Verse 3: Merlyn Wood]
Don't call me stupid, that ain't the way my name pronounced
Don't call me Cupid, I got too many hoes right now
Poolside in Houston, tryna see if Beyoncé' will take me for adoption
Broke-ass rich suburbs, a civilian shot in 3rd Ward, we just by the fountain
This is Merlyn Wood, man, everywhere I go is the Woodlands
I need a honeybutter, vodka in a Sprite can
When I'm in the Whataburger, all the kids know who I am
I need a honeybutter, puttin' lean in my Sprite can

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Twistin' me up like licorice
Think I need someone who can handle it
Ice on my boys and my wrist is fixed
I don't need nobody tryna give me shit
Twistin' me up like licorice
Think I need someone who can handle it
Ice on my boys and my wrist is fixed
I don't need nobody tryna give me shit

[Verse 4: Ameer Vann]
I got a record but I'm clean as they come
I'm Godzilla, when they see me they run
On 37th, used to run from the bloods
The undercovers gotta duck when they come
I moved out and in a couple of months
I'ma be a pop star, they call me a thug
I used to write raps on the back of the bus
Now I'm in the front seat shifting the gears

[Verse 5: Joba]
It's funny how things can change
Three hundred dollars to my name, led to Hollywood
I was living off Ramen and change
Five hundred dollars on these dinners, never have to pay
Growing up my teachers told me
"You better get them grades up if you wanna finish high school
And after high school, you better get a degree
'Cause it's a dog-eat-dog world, you could live in the street"
Flashback, I had my Walkman in the minivan
Listening to NSYNC, saw my name on the CD
Bleach blond tips, wanted to be JT
Wanted to do big things, had to fulfill a dream
One might say I was doomed from the get-go
But those same people assume, 'cause they'll never know
What it's like to be called to what's not set in stone
I am one with the ebb and flow, that's all I know

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Twistin' me up like licorice
Think I need someone who can handle it
Ice on my boys and my wrist is fixed
I don't need nobody tryna give me shit
Twistin' me up like licorice
Think I need someone who can handle it
Ice on my boys and my wrist is fixed
I don't need nobody tryna give me shit
Twistin' me up like licorice
Think I need someone who can handle it
Ice on my boys and my wrist is fixed
I don't need nobody tryna give me shit
Twistin' me up like licorice
Think I need someone who can handle it
Ice on my boys and my wrist is fixed
I don't need nobody tryna give me shit



[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Come on, let's toast the champagne, this one's for the life
Did everything you could to be here for the night
Man, it feels good, everything is right
Energy is strong enough to brighten city lights
My whole team winning, no vision on quitting
I'd rather say I did than let them busters say I didn't
Le-le-let 'em talk about it, mane, I'm already living
I risk my life to try every day to go and get it, get it, get it

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Came from the bottom, no one said it would be fair
Now I'm on this money, lounging like it's a beach chair
Poppa don't preach, a-all we do is just reach here
Raised 'round killers, we just happy to be here
Spot 'em, got 'em, let your soul pay your dues
While my hoes doing magic, voodoo Moulin Rouge
That's a tactic that they use, fuck 'em high then suck 'em dry
Before you know it, her Q7 is buzzing by
The queen pin to the king pin redeems him
The boat comes, the dope drums, my team wins

[Refrain: Pusha T]
Yuugh! This the life that we made
Gun shots in the dark like a sweet serenade

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Come on, let's toast the champagne, this one's for the life
Did everything you could to be here for the night
Man, it feels good, everything is right
Energy is strong enough to brighten city lights
My whole team winning, no vision on quitting
I'd rather say I did than let them busters say I didn't
Le-le-let 'em talk about it, mane, I'm already living
I risk my life to try every day to go and get it, get it, get it

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
Supreme ballers, all my niggas got ESPYs
Triple doubles, both wrist and neck freeze
Triple doubles, two bricks and tech squeeze
Triple doubles, two hoes and check please (wooo!)
They love me on my Ric Flair shit (wooo!)
In that Phantom like I'm Blair Witch (wooo!)
Who are you to be compared with? (Wooo!)
Ain't no niggas that you bled with
Court cases ran base and road aces
Lick shots or left bodies with no traces

[Refrain: Pusha T]
Yuugh! This the life that we made
Gun shots in the dark like a sweet serenade

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Come on, let's toast the champagne, this one's for the life
Did everything you could to be here for the night
Man, it feels good, everything is right
Energy is strong enough to brighten city lights
My whole team winning, no vision on quitting
I'd rather say I did than let them busters say I didn't
Le-le-let 'em talk about it, mane, I'm already living
I risk my life to try every day to go and get it, get it, get it

[Verse 3: Pusha T]
Look, my ouija board don't never lie to me
The best rapper living, I know who's alive to me
Yeah, the competition's all but died to me
Raah, I make these motherfuckers hide from me
The Sergio Tacchini life we uphold
You just posing for them pics so you can upload

[Refrain: Pusha T]
Yuugh! This the life that we made
Gun shots in the dark like a sweet serenade, nigga

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Come on, let's toast the champagne, this one's for the life
Did everything you could to be here for the night
Man, it feels good, everything is right
Energy is strong enough to brighten city lights
My whole team winning, no vision on quitting
I'd rather say I did than let them busters say I didn't
Le-le-let 'em talk about it, mane, I'm already living
I risk my life to try every day to go and get it, get it, get it



[Intro: Joba & Kevin Abstract]
We failed at a one night stand
I guess that should not matter
You were loved by another man
I guess that should not matter
You love to show out, show your new outfit
You love to show out when you leave the house
Your new outfit, I love it on you

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
I love it on you though, I love it on ya
I love it on you though, I love it on ya
I love it on you though, I love it on ya
I love it on you, I love ya
I love it on you though, I love it on ya
(I love it on you) I love it on you, I love it on you
I love it on you, I love it on you, I love it

[Verse 1: Merlyn Wood]
I came to California, I cannot afford this
I just want a fortune, I don't wanna pay no mortgage
I just want life for my kids
Damn, I ain't even have 'em yet
I'm ballin', it don't stop, and it don't stop
I can see my life through the window glass
If I move with you, I don't need no cash
Had a dream last night that she loved me back
Keep God in my head, so a nigga bounced back
Shit happened how it happened, so the past is perfect
Shit happened how it happened, so the past is perfect
Shit happened how it happened, so the past is perfect
Shit happened how it happened

[Verse 2: Dom McLennon]
Fell in love, but it ain't gon' last
Hydroplane like I ain't gon' crash
No frame with my face on glass
No rank when they check my class
Got a minute, got a second, got a day
Gotta get it, gotta find another way
I ain't tripping, I'm just feeling what I say
I ain't talking, I'm just spilling from my brain
Everybody think I got it figured out
Chasing sanity while niggas chasing clout
Show me love in the face of all doubts
That would tell me all I need to know about you
Ain't nobody gon' love you like me
Ain't nobody gon' trust you like me
Baby girl, I know we can save the world
So why you wanna fight me?

[Outro: Kevin Abstract]
You love to show out, show your new outfit
I love it on you, I love it on ya
I love it on you, I love it on ya
I love it on you, I love it



[Produced by T-Minus]

[Bridge]
Pour up (drank), head shot (drank)
Sit down (drank), stand up (drank)
Pass out (drank), wake up (drank)
Faded (drank), faded (drank)

[Verse 1]
Now I done grew up 'round some people livin' their life in bottles
Granddaddy had the golden flask
Backstroke every day in Chicago
Some people like the way it feels
Some people wanna kill their sorrows
Some people wanna fit in with the popular, that was my problem
I was in a dark room, loud tunes
Lookin' to make a vow soon
That I'ma get fucked up, fillin' up my cup I see the crowd mood
Changin' by the minute and the record on repeat
Took a sip, then another sip, then somebody said to me

[Hook]
Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots?
I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it

[Bridge]
Pour up (drank), head shot (drank)
Sit down (drank), stand up (drank)
Pass out (drank), wake up (drank)
Faded (drank), faded (drank)

[Verse 2: Kendrick & his conscience]
Okay, now open your mind up and listen me, Kendrick
I am your conscience, if you do not hear me
Then you will be history, Kendrick
I know that you're nauseous right now
And I'm hopin' to lead you to victory, Kendrick
If I take another one down
I'ma drown in some poison, abusin' my limit
I think that I'm feelin' the vibe, I see the love in her eyes
I see the feelin', the freedom is granted
As soon as the damage of vodka arrived
This how you capitalize, this is parental advice
Then apparently, I'm over-influenced by what you are doin'
I thought I was doin' the most 'til someone said to me

[Hook]
Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots?
I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it

[Bridge]
Pour up (drank), head shot (drank)
Sit down (drank), stand up (drank)
Pass out (drank), wake up (drank)
Faded (drank), faded (drank)

[Break]
I ride, you ride, bang
One chopper, one hundred shots, bang
Hop out, do you bang?
Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang
I ride, you ride, bang
One chopper, one hundred shots, bang
Hop out, do you bang?
Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang

[Hook]
Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots?
I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it

[Bridge]
Pour up (drank), head shot (drank)
Sit down (drank), stand up (drank)
Pass out (drank), wake up (drank)
Faded (drank), faded (drank)

[Interlude: (Sherane)]
Aw man… where is she takin' me?
Where is she takin' me?

[Verse 3]
All I have in life is my new appetite for failure
And I got hunger pain that grow insane
Tell me, do that sound familiar?
If it do, then you're like me
Makin' excuse that your relief
Is in the bottom of the bottle and the greenest indo leaf
As the window open I release
Everything that corrode inside of me
I see you jokin', why you laugh?
Don't you feel bad? I probably sleep
And never ever wake up
Never ever wake up, never ever wake up
In God I trust, but just when I thought I had enough

[Skit/Outro]
They stomped the homie out over a bitch?
K-dot, you good, blood?
Now we can drop, ye we can drop you back off
That nigga's straight, man, that nigga ain't trippin'
We gon' do the same ol' shit
I'ma pop a few shots, they gon' run, they gon' run opposite ways
Fall right in ----'s lap
And he gon' tear they ass up, simple as that
And I hope that bitch that set him up out there
We gon' pop that bitch too
Wait hold up, ayy, I see somebody
[Car door opens and gunshots are fired]
Aha! Got them niggas, K-dot, you good?
L----, you good?
Yeah, blood, I'm good – Dave, you good?
Dave? Dave, say somethin' – Dave?
These bitch-ass niggas killed my brother!



[Verse 1: Hodgy Beats]
I get high in Ohio
Fucken' coke and a smile
Devil reading the bible
Reverends triggered the rifle
Animal heads important to the back yard again
Bury the Backyardigans
Blood covers my button up in step fathers cardigan
Erect a pistol, eject a clip full of missiles
A bodybag, to clean the gory issue
Closed casket, faggot, burn the house down with you
End this shit to end this shit
Does heaven have a membership?
Because I pick up angels by a pistol whip
This time she's so beautiful and me
Unusual to see
Shove her in the trunk, you can go with me
You like my FreshJive shirt, well I can give you one for free
Cause' when I wished for it I found me on a killin' spree
...Just leave up to me

[Verse 2: Tyler The Creator]
My mom caught me jackin' off to Hannah Montana with a banana peel
Sippin' a cherry Fanta to match my dress and my purple heels
Looking like I'm Santa but skinny in a black weave, it's real
In a stolen truck with my license to kill
I tell em' "I'm Frank from Montana, the king of the hill"
Except I'm a nigga from the junk yard gang
Bill Cosby couldn't spot me if I copied a duck in a bill
Simply cause I do not give a fuck like virginity
Illmatic with the tactics
I do not give a fuck how you feel, I got wolf
I flow backwards like heat when it chills on a thermometer
A skatin', rappin', composin' photographer is
Back like a black bitch's hairline, kilometer
Hotter than Madonnadoo-doo mama back-up dancers with the windows rolled up inside the Honda driving through Nevada during summer
Tyler, comma, the Creator is a fucking animal
I'm such spitting like a llama nigga



[Verse 1]
Symmetric soul I know you are out there
My better half apart, we like a pair
The rest the world cannot come and compare
When you and me align, a line will form of those who came before us but they're mad they're unimportant
When I was 15 I would sit and fantasize
Bout the one day I could take my mom advice
This month a couple record deals gon' get declined
Cause you were hard to find, to find and fall in love and spend my life and die with by my side, side...

[Bridge]
That's the symmetry, her and me, currently, oh
Simile, really need, you with me, oh
Enjoy, energy, with me, oh
And we'll just, be complete, 'till we, old
That's the symmetry, her and me, currently, oh
Simile, really need, you with me, oh
Enjoy, energy, with me, oh
And we'll just, be complete, 'till we, old

[Hook]
Baby don't rush (baby don't rush)
Hey don't rush it though (hey don't rush it though)
Cause we got plenty (cause we got plenty)
Time before we old (time before we old)
Baby don't rush (baby don't rush)
Hey don't rush it though (hey don't rush it though)
Cause we got plenty time

[Verse 2]
Symmetric soul, my soul is longing for you
And I just want you, I don't want no other
My exes, I know you may know a couple of
But you were never concerned with past lovers
I promise I'ma be here for a while
Only if you let me and I'm lucky
From up here we can see over the clouds
Baby what's your preference? Do you love me?
I know what happens is fate, I know God don't make mistakes
I see my future with you, I'll do whatever it takes, hey

[Bridge]
That's the symmetry, her and me, currently, oh
Simile, really need, you with me, oh
Enjoy, energy, with me, oh
And we'll just, be complete, 'till we, old
That's the symmetry, her and me, currently, oh
Simile, really need, you with me, oh
Enjoy, energy, with me, oh
And we'll just, be complete, 'till we, old

[Hook]
Baby don't rush (baby don't rush)
Hey don't rush it though (hey don't rush it though)
Cause we got plenty (cause we got plenty)
Time before we old (time before we old)
Baby don't rush (baby don't rush)
Hey don't rush it though (hey don't rush it though)
Cause we got plenty time
Baby don't rush (baby don't rush)
Hey don't rush it though (hey don't rush it though)
Cause we got plenty (cause we got plenty)
Time before we old (time before we old)
Baby don't rush (baby don't rush)
Hey don't rush it though (hey don't rush it though)
Cause we got plenty time

[Outro]
If I tell you my story, would you then tell yours to me?
And live to see the day...
If I tell you my story, would you then tell yours to me?
And live to see that day...

[Skit: Jean Deaux]
My bucket list...my last minute bucket list, ok
I wanna write television shows, films, have movie premieres
Well hella just hood glamour ass sh-[Beep]. I wanna...degentrify our neighborhoods, like buy property and rent it back to the people who grew up there. And last but no least...I want to smoke a blunt with Beyoncé, that's the most important for sure



[Intro]
Take it personal
Take it personal
Take it personal

[Verse 1]
I never thought that you would crab me
Undermine me, and backstab me
But I can see clearly now the rain is gone
The pain is gone but what you did was still wrong
There was a few times I needed your support
But you tried to play me like an indoor sport
Like racquetball, tennis, pool, whatever
All I know is that you attempted to be clever
Nevertheless, cleverness can't impress
'Cause now you've been exposed like a person undressed
And I could see through you, 'cause I'm the Guru
And what you gonna do when I start to step to you?
'Cause when I pay you back, I'll be hurting you
And this ain't no threat so take it personal

[Interlude]
Take it personal
Take it personal
Take it personal

[Verse 2]
Rap is an art, you can't own no loops
It's how you hook 'em up and the rhyme style, troop
So don't even think you could say someone bit
Off of your weak beat, come on, you need to quit
I flip lines and rhymes that never sound like yours
There ought to be laws against you yapping your jaws
Originality overflows in me
And the truth is, that you wish you could live the
Life I live and kick the lyrics I kick
But bear in mind that you can't think this quick
So Premier drops beats for me to say verses to
And if I sound doper, then take it personal

[Interlude]
Take it personal
Take it personal
Take it personal
Take it personal
Take it personal
Take it personal

[Verse 3]
Don't be mad 'cause I don't come around the way
Like I used to, I don't have time these days
I'm keeping busy making power moves
And don't try to say I don't remember you
You shouldn't let your jealousy show like that
I stopped coming by 'cause of the way you act
Telling my business to kids I don't even know
You're like a daytime talk show, and that's low
So you can tell everyone, that I'm jerking you
And if you don't like it, kid, take it personal

[Outro]
Take it personal
Take it personal
Take it personal
Take it personal



[Intro: Tallulah]
Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
They say I've calmed down since the last album
Well, lick my dick, how does that sound? (Umm)
Smell my gooch, you could kiss my buns
And I don't give a shit, ban my rectum
Somebody said bands make her dance
You think you're getting cash, no bitch, you're dumb
The only thing that you're gonna get is this dick
Wait turn this up, bitch, this my jam (Where the drums at?)
Here, take a goddamn picture
And tell Spike Lee he's a goddamn nigga
And while you're at it, pass the lotion
And fapping and Xbox Live, that fun
Before I cum, I'm calling your sister
When she comes over, I take picture
Instantly put it on Instagram
And suplex her off a building if I get banned

[Hook: Tallulah & Tyler, The Creator]
Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Bring back the horns that was played in the beginning
And tell Tony Parker that I found his vision
And if he's tripping off my sneak dissing
Then he has to deal with me and my minions
Tryna get a bimmer, E46
Have you heard "48", motherfucka I'm great
Golf Wang prints always cover the sleeves
From cuts for the Biebs, 'cause he's puffin' the trees, please
Fuck I look like? Got a new bike tire
Never pop like the puss on a butch dyke
Think I give a fuck, I do go raw
Then I bust in her jaw like (Fuck that disease!)
My urethra, hole that I pee from
Bigger than the obese neck on Aretha
Now turn that snare down
I'm back like I'm Rosa Parks fare on the same damn bus
Like, "You're going to jail now!"

[Hook: Tallulah & Tyler, The Creator]
Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?
If a woodchuck could ever give a fuck?
Bitch Suck Dick, motherfuck you and your opinions
(Can you kick it?) Yes, I can sir, where the lump is
Sicker than the last bar bold-er, I’m a CO
Colorado, fuck Michael, bitch, I’m badder than my BO
Find me and Lance tryna dance during chemo
Before they repossess our strong arm bands and tuxedos

[Hook 2: Tallulah & Tyler, The Creator]
Yeah, buddy, this is my jam, na na na na na na na!
Golf Wang, Golf Wang, no, fuck you, na na na na na na!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
Can't agree? Bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

[Verse 4: Tyler, The Creator]
How many fags can a lightbulb screw?
Well if it has a dick, maybe two or six
And tell the NRA I'm about to lose my shit
Shoot through Wayne LaPierre's hair with a crucifix
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a rich nigga, huh?
A little Jergens in my palm for the jerkin'
Hope my mom don't catch me, tryna set mood
Little Redtube, fuck lotion, I don't need lube, dry fist suits me
Up and down, the friction makes a squeaky sound, the shit's kind of disgusting
Fap time and before I flatline, Clancy chimes in my room and catch me
This shit's so damn embarrassing like...

[Outro]
[Wolf:]
Oh, shit, aw fuck
[Clancy:]
What the fuck!
[Wolf:]
Aw, I'm sorry
[Clancy:]
Is that my shirt?
[Wolf:]
Yeah, sorry, I needed something
[Clancy:]
Clean that shit up, we're going to the office!



[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
I can barely rap, I can barely dance
I can barely laugh, I can barely hang
I want a male stripper to do a belly dance
For me and my boyfriend, that's entertainment
And I'm drunk as fuck, my niggas tuxed up
I need a reason to get my bucks up
I need a reason to care about society
They need a good enough reason just to hire me
But honestly, you see my mom can't walk
And her lungs don't work like they used to
I feel like it's my fault 'cause of music
I be saying shit that's just fucking rude and untrue and
But truthfully, the words had damage and it's cruel to me
But even more cruel to be
Dissing you in front of niggas that pay to hear me

[Bridge: Kevin Abstract]
Sometimes I be wondering, why I been tripping off it
I should probably spend my time
Writing rhymes in the dentist's office
That's killing two birds in one stone
When I was younger, way before I was grown
I wanted a deal with Death Row or Rhymesayers
I'm saving my time for mics later
I might save it, depending on the shit that y'all write later
I hate writers, I hate tweets, I hate journalists
They hate truth, they hate peace
They want my niggas to burn with us

[Verse 2: Joba]
Flicking on the face of my wrist watch
Watch the time stop just to speed up, watch life unfold
And between the tick-tocks, speeding down the one-way
Fuck these signs, fuck these lights, put my life on the line
When it feel right, I'm fine, no, I'm not lyin', don't ask me
I'll pay the fine, I'll pay the toll, just hope I don't crash it
But hey, if I do, it will be a blaze of glory
Engulfed by the manifestation of death behind me
All my life I've felt inadequate
And through the years I've dealt with
Tragedy after tragedy, God, send a message
Send a messenger my way
Never claimed to be a saint, forgive me
Feel like the light that I was blessed with has diminished
I'm haunted, by the visions of my youth turned true
I've come to expect my expectations aren't true
But I'm a master of believing my lies
And you can't break me, and I can't brake at the speed of light

[Verse 3: Matt Champion]
I'm afraid to share the bed, what if she want money later?
Like she got laid off, uh, hit my lawyer for some paper
I'm afraid to speak my pains like, "You lucky where you at"
"You cool, but quit complaining 'bout all that"
That's why I'm showing up late
I'm not tryna be a dick, but my time is not to waste
For myself, for the small talk with my sensei
Where my sense at?
Four-cylinder go round, Lincoln Town Car pick me up
Drop me off
I got bubble under my biceps, sneak me into the sidestep
Ego is getting sized up, I be on butterfly effect
Fuck it, I'll be myself now, tell 'em I take no shit now
Tell 'em they work for me now, tell 'em my tears, they bleed down
Tell 'em I work, like, what, what time for me now?
Wondering who is me now, wondering where you been now
Lose you in crowds, I see now, 14, I see 'em all inside of me now
Bank account move like speeds now, make it from ways to feed now
Thinking of ways to be everything but right now

[Verse 4: Dom McLennon]
It's crazy how things feel the best when reminiscing 'til we check ourselves
It's crazy how people who left say they feeling left out when we step for health
Still accustomed to nights filled with solitude
I don't always remember to call goodnight
I don't always remember my altitude
I don't always remember to stop the fight
But I might check my sight, it ain't right
Yeah I know, but my strife overwhelms, every night
Until I'm forced to close my eyes
Brain disease, parasite, eating me from inside
Emotions bleed, I can't believe
How I'm slipping through the night



[Part 1: EVANIE]

[Verse: bearface]
Evanie, did you lie to him since you were seventeen?
How's he holding up? Evanie
Do you cling to him like you would on to me?
Bet he needs you more than I, Evanie
Did you hide your neck to save him from his sleep?
I know how that feels, Evanie
Every chance you take you make me want to flee
Can't you see?

[Chorus: bearface]
You should move on
I swear you'll be fine
Whenever you want
I'll be your ride
And when you're alone
And his love is gone
Maybe you'll see that
Your company was the worst
Thing for him, your sin

[Part 2: TEAM]

[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
Little old me, I thought my world was progressive
'Cause my president was black, twenty-five lighters on the dresser
I had guilt trip on my back and a bulletproof vest
Inside my Uncle John's Toyota was a walking Crayola

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann + Kevin Abstract]
Gimme that mic, nigga
I got a hard time, I gotta watch myself
The way I move through a room full of suits
Ain't no, ain't no Constitution, I hate uniforms
I hate handcuffs, I can't stand up (shut up, nigga)
They throw me in the crowd and tell me "boy, I'd lose that smile"
But see I got it from my dad and that's the reason why we had
I raise my black fist, I got big lips
I'm strong as Samson, they cut my fuckin' locks
I lose my fuckin' strength, fuck

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
I'm running out of zips
My life been feelin' tense, I won't be on the fence
I put my phone on airplane mode cause I'm on autopilot
I need a lot of patience, I need a lot of silence

[Verse 4: Matt Champion]
I hope this holy water burn me 'cause I ain't worth this life
I ain't worth the light of day, but for some I light the way
Nude along the banister, kitchen smell of lavender
Swimming in my Wranglers, I am another caliber

[Outro: Bearface]
Ooh, yeah
Soon, soon
No, no, no, no, no, no



[Verse: Ameer Vann]
I done been in trouble 'bout as long as I remember
My momma tried to help me but I hardly ever listened
So she sent me to them white schools, I learned that I was different
They told me I'm a nigga, well, now I know I am
I got my finger on the trigger, I'm a project baby
A free lunch felon, and I'm hungry every minute
Empty stomach, weed smoke can't fill it
If you don't listen to me, I set fire to the building
Need to listen to the children and the weapons they concealing
Hear the voices of a million when I sell my first million
I am bound to go diamond, ain't no luck or surprises
I am tanning on an island
I can feel the pressure but I see my new horizons
Me and all my niggas getting stars down on Sunset Boulevard
But niggas from the Southside with Xan bars and gun play
Niggas on that "someday..."
If you shooting for the stars, you only headed one way



[Chuck D]
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9

[Intro]
It's the ten crack commandments, what?
Nigga can't tell me nothing about this coke
Can't tell me nothing about this crack, this weed, for my hustlin' niggas
Niggas on the corner I ain't forget you niggas, my triple beam niggas

[Verse]
I've been in this game for years, it made me a animal
There's rules to this shit, I wrote me a manual
A step-by-step booklet for you to get
Your game on track, not your wig pushed back
Rule Nombre Uno: never let no one know
How much dough you hold cause you know
The cheddar breed jealousy 'specially
If that man fucked up, get yo' ass stuck up
Number 2: never let 'em know your next move
Don't you know Bad Boys move in silence and violence?
Take it from your highness
I done squeezed mad clips at these cats for they bricks and chips
Number 3: never trust nobody
Your moms'll set that ass up, properly gassed up
Hoodied and masked up, shit, for that fast buck
She be laying in the bushes to light that ass up
Number 4: I know you heard this before
"Never get high on your own supply"
Number 5: never sell no crack where you rest at
I don't care if they want a ounce, tell 'em "bounce!"
Number 6: that goddamn credit? Dead it
You think a crackhead paying you back, shit forget it!
7: this rule is so underrated
Keep your family and business completely separated
Money and blood don't mix like two dicks and no bitch
Find yourself in serious shit
Number 8: never keep no weight on you!
Them cats that squeeze your guns can hold jums too
Number 9 shoulda been Number 1 to me:
If you ain't gettin' bagged stay the fuck from police
If niggas think you snitchin' they ain't trying to listen
They be sittin' in your kitchen, waiting to start hittin'
Number 10: a strong word called "consignment"
Strictly for live men, not for freshmen
If you ain't got the clientele, say "hell no!"
Cause they gon' want they money rain sleet hail snow
Follow these rules you'll have mad bread to break up
If not, 24 years on the wake up
Slug hit your temple, watch your frame shake up
Caretaker did your makeup, when you passed
Your girl fucked my man Jake up
Heard in three weeks she sniffed a whole half a cake up
Heard she suck a good dick, and can hook a steak up
Gotta go gotta go, more pies to bake up, word up

Crack King, Frank Wiz-zhite

[Premier Scratching]
(1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8
1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 5
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9
10.......10)



[Produced by: The Alchemist]

[Intro]
Don't hurt me again
Uh, don't hurt me again
Don't hurt me again
Don't hurt me again
Don't hurt me again, baby
Nah

[Verse 1]
What up, love? I need a hug cause drugs be takin' over
Shorty couldn't take it no more, she went loca
No stranger to a rum and soda
I met the ho while she was slumped over
Shit, I've been good, though, I can't complain
I could probably cop a half a plane
Drinking juice just like Jack LaLanne now
I'mma strike it rich any day now
Uh, you know I gotta get a plate now
Virtuoso on a keyboard
I rep the eastern seaboard, jeez Lord
Please leave the Z3 keys before you leave
Don't sneeze on my shit, cause for shiz I'mma flip ya
Pedicured foot slide in the slipper
Tryna do the remix with Pitbull
Tell the pilot land at Schiphol
Play the violin with dimples
Life's ironic and it's simple
Smoke good, fuck, eat, drink
Drive nice car, wear all green mink
First time I whacked off was a Penthouse
Roses in the bath at the penthouse
Billy Joel at the garden
Should I get a skybox or an '89 IROC?
It's always poppin' at the IHOP
Choke a pussy with his tie knot, it's my block
Chuck Knoblauch, spicy coconut curry from the Thai spot
I'm in a hurry, dumb jewelry
The verdict read from a hung jury
The doctor said that I was hung early
Skull curly, Larry, and Moe, I'll marry a ho
Only if the bitch look like Mari' Monroe
Twisted off the Jenkem, watching Iron Chef
The secret ingredient was lion's neck
Royal Blue-Cyber Tech
I ride solo like a fighter jet
Hurt me again

[Hook]
No, don't hurt me again
Please, don't hurt me again
No, don't hurt me again
There's no hit records on a demo
There's no hit records on a demo
No, don't hurt me again
There's no hit records on a demo
There's no hit records on a demo
Catch me hoppin' out the limo
Catch me hoppin' out the limo

[Outro]
Smoke good, fuck, eat, drink
Drive nice car, wear all green mink
Uh, what you payin'?
Smoke good, fuck, eat, drink
Drive nice car, wear all green mink
Smoke good, fuck, eat, drink
Drive nice car, wear all green mink
What you think



[Intro]
Everybody, everybody, everybody
Everybody sit yo' bitch-ass down
And listen to this true mothafuckin' story
Told by Kendrick Lamar on Rosecrans, ya bitch

[Bridge]
Smokin' on the finest dope, ay-ay-ay-ah
Drank until I can't no mo', ay-ay-ay-ah
Really I'm a sober soul
But I'm with the homies right now
And we ain't askin' for no favors
Rush a nigga quick, then laugh about it later, ay-ay-ay-ah
Really, I'm a peacemaker
But I'm with the homies right now
And Momma used to say (say, say, say, say)
One day it's gon' burn you out (woo)
One day it's gon' burn you out, out, out
One day it's gon' burn you out (you, you, you, you, you, you)
One day it's gon' burn you
But I'm with the homies right now

[Verse 1]
Me and my niggas four deep in a white Toyota
A quarter tank of gas, one pistol and orange soda
Janky stash box when the federales'll roll up
Basketball shorts with the Gonzales Park odor
We on the mission for bad bitches and trouble
I hope the universe love you today
'Cause the energy we bringin' sure to carry away
A flock of positive activists that fill they body with hate
If it’s necessary; bumpin' Jeezy first album, lookin' distracted
Speakin' language only we know, you think it's an accent
The windows roll down, all I see is a hand pass it
Hotboxin' like George Foreman grillin' the masses
Of the workin' world; we pulled up on a bunch of workin' girls
And asked them what they workin' with
Look at me, I got the blunt in my mouth
Usually I’m drug-free, but, shit, I’m with the homies

[Hook 1]
Yeah, nigga, we off a pill and Remy Red
Come through and bust ya head, nigga!
Me and the homies
Sag all the way to the liquor store
Where my niggas pour up 4 and get twisted some more
Me and the homies
I ride for my mothafuckin’ niggas
Hop out, do my stuff, then hop back in
Me and the homies
Matter of fact, I hop out that mothafucka
And be like "doo-doo-doo-doot, doo-doo-doo-doo-doot!”

[Verse 2]
It’s 2:30 and the sun is beamin'
Air conditioner broke and I hear my stomach screamin'
Hungry for anything unhealthy
And if nutrition can help me
I’ll tell you to suck my dick, then I'll continue eatin'
We speedin' on the 405, passin' Westchester
You know, the light-skinned girls in all the little dresses
Good Lord, they knew we weren’t from ‘round there
‘Cause every time we down there
We pullin' out the Boost Mobile SIM cards
Bougie bitches with no extensions
Hood niggas with bad intentions, the perfect combination
Before we sparked a conversation
We seen three niggas in colors we didn’t like
Then started interrogatin'
I never was a gangbanger, I mean
I never was stranger to the fonk neither, I really doubt it
Rush a nigga quick and then we laugh about it
That’s ironic, 'cause I’ve never been violent
Until I’m with the homies

[Hook 2]
(Just ridin’, just ridin’)
Me and the homies
(Bullshittin’, actin’ a fool)
Me and the homies
(Trippin’, really trippin’)
Me and the homies
(Just ridin’, just ridin’, just ridin’)

[Verse 3]
Braggin' 'bout the episode we just had
A shot of Hennessy didn't make me feel that bad
I'm usually a true firm believer of bad karma
Consequences from evil will make your past haunt ya
We tryna conquer the city with disobedience
Quick to turn it up, even if we ain't got the CD in
But Jeezy still playin'
And our attitude is still "nigga, what is you sayin'?"
Pull in front of the house
That we been campin' out for like two months
The sun is goin' down as we take whatever we want

[Break]
Aye, aye, nigga, jackpot, nigga, pop the safe!
Aye, nigga, I think there's somebody in this room!
Wait, what?!
Nigga, there's somebody in this room!

[Verse 4]
I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo
DVD's, plasma-screen TV's in the trunk
We made a right, then made a left, then made a right
Then made a left, we was just circlin' life
My mama called: "Hello? What you doin'?" — "Kickin' it."
I shoulda told her I’m probably ‘bout to catch my first offense
With the homies
But – they made a right, then made a left
Then made a right, then another right
One lucky night with the homies

[Outro]
K. Dot, you faded, hood?
Yeah, we finally got that nigga faded
I think he hit the wrong blunt though
Ooh, which one?
Well, which one he talkin' about?
I was finna hit the one with the shenanigans in it
I pray he ain't hit that
Nah, that nigga straight, he ain't hit that one
Got the shenanigans? Give that nigga the shenanigans!
Nigga, I think we should push back to the city, fo' real doe
Nigga, for what?
What that nigga— what's that Jeezy song say, nigga?
"Last time I checked I was the man on these streets!"
Yeah, yeah, that shit right there
I'm tryna be the nigga in the street
There he go. Man, you don't even know how the shit go
Look, here's the plan, luv
We gon' use the kickback as a alibi, wait 'til the sun go down, roll out, complete the mission, drop K. Dot off at his mama van, at the park
'Cause I know he tryna fuck on Sherane tonight
That's what he’s not gon' do
Then we all gon' meet back at the block at about 10:30
That's straight, but we should meet up around 12
I'm tryna fuck on somethin' too
Nigga, sit yo' dumb-ass back down!
Nigga, you ain't doin' shit tonight!
Matter of fact, nigga, get in the mothafuckin' car!
We finna get active!

[Produced by Tabu]



[Intro]
(Ayee, aye, aye, aye,)
Comin' down off it
(Aye, aye, aye, aye)

[Hook]
Comin' down off a high (Aye), feel you with my third eye (Ayee)
I swear I don't even know y'all
I'm with Billy like I'm Road Dogg
Comin' down off a high (Aye), feel you with my third eye
I swear I don't even know y'all
I'm with Billy like I'm Road Dogg
Comin' down off it
(Aye, ayee, ayee, aye, aye, ayee, aye, aye)
Comin' down off it
(Ayee, aye, ayee, aye, aye, aye, aye)

[Verse 1]
Legend hoe, I got the hammer, corner store'll prolly ban me
Wicker Park or picket fence, nigga attitude like Ray-Ray
(Comin' down off it)
It's intense, feelin' like a nigga rich
Walked into the corner store today, lookin' like a mag-net, aye
(Comin' down off it)
The Kodak is more like balone to me
Walk in the store and I feel like the owner, B
Known to split bands up like KC and Jodeci
Wanted poster, you should take a photo of me
(Comin' down off it)
My nigga I'm the life of the party, I never spend a night with a thottie
And when it's time, my own niggas callin', callin', callin', callin'
(Comin' down off it)

[Pre-Hook]
Legend in the making (like I'm Billy Williams)
Want it, I'ma take it (like I'm Billy Williams)
Feel it in my spirit (that the end is nearing)
I can never fold
Legend in the making (like I'm Billy Williams)
Want it, I'ma take it (like I'm Billy Williams)
Feel it in my spirit (that the end is nearing)
I can never fold

[Hook]
Comin' down off a high (high), feel you with my third eye (eye)
I swear I don't even know y'all
I'm with Billy like I'm Road Dogg
Comin' down off a high, feel you with my third eye
I swear I don't even know y'all
I'm with Billy like I'm Road Dogg
Comin' down off it
(Aye, aye, ayee, aye, aye, ayee, aye, aye)
Comin' down off it
(Ayee, aye, ayee, aye, aye, aye, aye)

[Verse 2]
Drive through like it's GTA, thinkin' how I'm getting paid today
I'll walk in and take it, before I put this shit on layaway
(Comin' down off it)
That's ferocious, whole hood'll prolly know me
Never fucking with the police, I don't give a fuck I'll take a nigga groceries
(Comin' down off it)
Comin' down on it, with a pound on me
Oh, people probably looking down on me
Coz it's loud on me, all my niggas know that they can count on me
(Comin' down off it)
My nigga I'ma take what I wanna
You looking like a stain, that's a come up
And I'll go get it by any means, rain, winter, summer

[Pre-Hook]
Legend in the making (like I'm Billy Williams)
Want it, I'ma take it (like I'm Billy Williams)
Feel it in my spirit (that the end is nearing)
I can never fold
Legend in the making (like I'm Billy Williams)
Want it, I'ma take it (like I'm Billy Williams)
Feel it in my spirit (that the end is nearing)
I can never fold

[Hook]
Comin' down off a high (high), feel you with my third eye (ehh)
I swear I don't even know y'all
I'm with Billy like I'm Road Dogg
Comin' down off a high (high), feel you with my third eye (eye)
I swear I don't even know y'all
I'm with Billy like I'm Road Dogg
Comin' down off it
(Aye, aye, ayee, aye, ayee, ayee, aye, aye)
Comin' down off it
(Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye)

[Skit: Joshua(@_jdnice)]
All I ever wanted to do in my life was, make music. So...I guess, on my bucket list, what I really wanna do is-s, drop...a project. Like, nobody has to even listen to it. I just, wanna know that, I did it. Be able to say, I went out there and, did that and I chased my dreams. And that's really it



[Verse 1]
You came through town in an old Jeep
Looking like 1997
Won a few hearts with a bold speech
Talking 'bout let's go find the weapons
Talking 'bout let's be good again
And looking like all niggas ever wanted oh
Big time bank hand wins again
We get a new name plate but they own the Office
Feels so good when we go to auction
Four year lease with a low deposit
Get a hundred loans so you can go to college
Your diploma's rolled into a polish sausage
Umpteenth time we believe the theater
Wished upon a piece of meteor
While the greediest men, they needed disguise
But here's a news flash: the media lies
Dang

[Hook]
I've seen it all, I've seen it all
Shoulda known, shoulda known (x2)

[Verse 2]
How long was you pent up
Your little pinch of defense sucks
You was an early bird to the 33rd
But that certain word was you tensed up
And I know cause I'm watching too close
Like a type-2 dude with food with mad glucose
Hark! who goes there? I'm centurian
I'd be curious as my caesarian section
Alas shit look mysterious
Inside-quakes coulda shook the pyramids
Searching between all the Cushion areas
I warned you I wish you took me serious
Deleterious been dropping facts
They got co-conspirators so watch your back
And I'm paranoid so you can not relax
And I never holla so don't holla back

[Hook]

[Verse 3] (x2)
You put some shit in my mashed potatoes
The list of suspects is just you
You put a scratch on my Masekela
Put a tiny rock on my left shoe
Put smelly shit on my car keys
Sticky shit in my Arizona
Shrunk my shirt so the arms squeeze
Hid my miniature Testarossa



[Intro]
Drug dealer Benzes with gold diggers in 'em
In elevator condos, on everything I love

[Verse 1]
This ain't a wave or phase, 'cause all that shit fades
This lifestyle's forever when you made
They tweet about the length I made 'em wait
What the fuck you expect
When a nigga got a cape and he's great?
Oven's full of cakes that he bakes, still spreadin' paste
The love just accentuates the hate
This is for my bodybuildin' clients movin' weight
Just add water, stir it like a shake
Play amongst the stars like the roof in the Wraith
Get the table next to mine, make our bottle servers race

[Refrain]
These are the games we play, we are the names they say
This is the drug money your ex-nigga claim he makes

[Verse 2]
To all of my young niggas, I am your Ghost and your Rae
This is my Purple Tape, save up for rainy days
And baby mama wishes, along with the side bitches
They try to coexist, end up wishin' you'd die, bitches
Stood on every couch, in the A at the black party
No jewelry on, but you richer than everybody
You laugh a little louder, the DJ say your name a little prouder
And we don't need a globe to show you the world is ours
We can bet a hundred thousand with my safe hold
My numbers lookin' like a bank code

[Refrain]
These are the games we play, we are the names they say
This is the drug money your ex-nigga claim he makes

[Verse 3]
Ain't no stoppin' this champagne from poppin'
The draws from droppin', the laws from watchin'
With Ye back choppin', the cars and the women come with options
Caviar facials remove the toxins
This ain't for the conscious, this is for the mud-made monsters
Who grew up on legends from outer Yonkers
Influenced by niggas straight outta Compton, the scale never lies
I'm two-point-two incentivised
If you ain't energized like the bunny for drug money
Or been paralyzed by the sight of a drug mummy
This ain't really for you, this is for the Goya Montoya
Who said I couldn't stop, then afforded me all the lawyers
The only kingpin who ain't sinkin'
Chess moves are made, my third eye ain't blinkin
Stay woke, nigga, or get out
Still pull them whips out, still spread the chips out
Might buy your bitch some new hips and yank her rib out
The message in this music, all my niggas had to live out

[Refrain]
These are the games we play, we are the names they say
This is the drug money your ex-nigga claim he makes, yah!



Good morning America, good morning to Erica
Who gave me good head while watching good morning America
And good day New York, have a good day in court
My niggas drive around the hood looking for good ye' to snort
I never liked the goodbyes, always caught a good vibe
Always had a good time, could always spot a good guy
From a good guy, look alive, look alive, look or try
You know that old saying what they say about good guys
I bet that's why I went bad, needed all my chips bad
Fiends needed it bad, started hittin' liq' bad
Had to get that work off before that shit went bad
If not, it gets bad, and things will only get bad
So now I'm getting bad skin, and I got that badge and
Tellin me them bastards, don't catch a bad break
Caught a bad rate on whip with bad brakes
I'm caught up in these bad ways havin a bad day
So now the game's ugly, and my pain's ugly
And my chain's ugly, things became ugly, 'cause I'm ugly ducklin'
Got a stain and its musty, wakin' up looking crusty
And miss thang who's ugly is sayin' to me "don't touch me"
I went from pretty willie to pretty silly
But I'm still pretty gully so you thins will still get pretty ugly
And this is for the hoods, the crabs, the junkies
We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly

We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
B.I.G. said get ya money ain't no telling they gon love me
We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
When your money get funny and them days ain't sunny
We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
Niggas give pounds and hug me, tho they really wanna slug me
We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
And this for the hood, you got to love me

Good morning to ummm, I don't remember your name
But I remember the brain, here go a fare for the train and
Good morning to Chi-Town, where my niggas ride down
And bust clowns, and look for some bustdowns to bust down
And she ain't got a car she on the bus now
But her gear is bangin', she one of us now
I wanted badly to bone 'cause she was bad to the bone
She from a batter home, she mad when she at home
So I gave her my number to beep off, she wanted to take a week off
Bustin scary movie nuts, I had to get the freak off
The new Tom Cruise, took the Moulan Rouge on a too long cruise
She said "I ain't bonin you with them two long shoes"
And I get bougie in a grape poupon mood
So I'm gon act cheap in a coupon mood
She said "Ye' you don't love me"
I told her that's the good, the bad, the ugly

We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
B.I.G. said get ya money ain't no telling they gon love me
We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
And this for the hood, you got to love me

Good morning to Queens, the north side of my scene
And when it comes down to it, I'm a ride for my team
See it's a beautiful life, but the bills will make it ugly
And the beauty of life, is when you're forced to make it ugly
Had a beautiful night, until a storm done made it ugly
And a beautiful wife, now we divorcing and its ugly
Now my mind state is ugly, my blind dates are ugly
I'm ready to turn it up in the streets and make it ugly
Used to sit in Mr. Uglies with these chickens that were ugly
And these bitches used to bug me to the point it made me ugly
Say things that were ugly in regards to their tummies
But I took it all back, 'cause God don't like ugly
Now I'm curbin' my bad words, they say that the bad burn
I left it on bad terms, with a chic with a bad perm
Whose case took a bad turn, and face caught a bad burn
And took the news bad when they said she had bad germs
The bad thing about it, the bitch was bad and bout it
But the pussy smelled bad, so I had to get up out it
So now we got bad blood, her son is a bad blood
But it happens in the hood when you inherit that bad blood
And once it get bad, it be bad for good
That's bad meaning bad not bad meaning good
But I greet it as good, when you leave with the good
Its all good in the hood, got called good 'cause I'm good
Now I'm havin' some good nights, livin' this good life
Got me a good girl that I'm gon make me a good wife
So I'm, good to go, and I'm good where I go
Look my man got good aim and that's a good thing to know
And he came home for good, off of good behavior
Spittin' that good game, so what's good with this paper
And this is for the hoods, the crabs, the junkies
We showin' you the good the bad the ugly



[Hook]
Don't tell a lie on me
I won’t tell the truth 'bout you
Don't tell a lie on me
I won’t tell the truth 'bout you

[Verse 1]
Thirty millions later, my future favors
The legendary status of a hip-hop rhyme savior
Travel 'round the atlas in this spaceship
Candy-coated, my day shift's
Been devoted to fuckin' up bundles of paper
Pi equals three-fourteen
The devil's pie is big enough to justify the whole thing
Wait up, lampin' in Jamaica
The clouds turnin', my thoughts turnin’
Burnin’ castor oil, yo I been determined to make an earnin'
This seed in this soil is classified
I’m satisfied when I strategize my kid's future
I ain't sanctified enough to say that I won't shoot ya
I done vandalized the industry full circuit
The earthiest slash thirstiest nigga you know versus this
Scum of a land that transcend two surfaces
The richer the poorer, the bigger the picture
The more blood pours, but—

[Hook]
Don’t tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you
Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you

[Verse 2]
My fans can't wait for me to son ya punk-ass
And crush ya whole lil' shit
I'll Big Pun ya punk-ass, you a scared lil' bitch
Tiptoein' around my name, nigga, you lame
And when I get at you, homie
Don't you just tell me you was just playin'
Oh, I was just playin', K-Dot
C'mon, you know a nigga rock with you, bro
Shut the fuck up, you sound like the last nigga I know
Might end up like the last nigga I know
Oh, you don't wanna clash? Nigga, I know
I put my foot on the gas, head on the floor
Hoppin' out before the vehicle crash, I'm on a roll
Yellin', "One, two, three, four, five
I am the greatest rapper alive!"
So damn great, motherfucker, I've died
What you hearin' now is a paranormal vibe
House on the hill, house on the beach, nigga (facts)
A condo in Compton, I'm still in reach, nigga (facts)
I'm fresh out the water, I'm 'bout to breach, nigga
The five-foot giant woke up out of his sleep, nigga
Oh yeah, oh yeah, mo' cars, mo' lears
Mo' bars, no peers, no scars, no fear—fuck y'all, sincere
I heard the whispers, I curved the whispers
You know what the risk is
Earthed in ditches, your body revertin' to stiffness
The whole world gone mad
Bodies is addin' up, market's about to crash
Niggas is fake rich, bitches is fake bad
Blacks that act white, whites that do the dab
Donald Trump is a chump
Know how we feel, punk—tell him that God comin'
And Russia need a replay button, y'all up to somethin'
Electorial votes look like memorial votes
But America's truth ain't ignorin' the votes
It's blasphemy, how many gon' blast for me?
I prophesized on my last song, you laughed at me
But when the shit get brackin', don't you ask for me
How many leaders gon' tell you the truth after me?
G Malone, big bro, kudos to him
I was two O's from a M, tryna be big as Em
Thirty millions later, my future favors
The legendary status of a hip-hop rhyme savior
Salmon and capers, fame and lawsuits
You lookin' at me in Chucks, I'm lookin' at y'all suits
Me and Top Dawg playin' rock-paper-scissors in court
A real hustler lose money just to go get some more
I said it's like that, dropped one classic, came right back
'Nother classic, right back
My next album, the whole industry on a ice pack
With TOC, you see the flames
In my E-Y-E's—it's not a game
And the whole world is goin' mad, daddy, it's sad, daddy
My only advice? Go and get you a bag, daddy
Lee Baca on trial, tryna portray a boxer
Beatin' up on my niggas while the CO's watch him
Tables turned, lesson learned, my best look
You jumped sides on me, now you 'bout to meet Westbrook
Go celebrate with your team and let victory vouch you
Just know, the next game played I might slap the shit out you
Technical foul, I'm flagrant, I'm foul
They throwin' me out, you throw in the towel
Look at the crowd, they— (Naw, I don't like that)
Look at my smile, I'm smirkin'
Calm but urgent (That ain't the style, fuck!)
So many verses, you live in denial (Fuck!)
So many verses, I never run out (What?)
You makin' him nervous, the music is loud
Ho, JAY-Z Hall of Fame, sit yo' punk-ass down!
(Sit yo' punk-ass down)
So that means you ain't bigger than rapping (What else?)
So that means no more playin' the back scenes (What else?)
My spot is solidified if you ask me (What else?)
My name is identified as "That King"
I'll let y'all worry about a list, I'm on some other shit
A difference between accomplishments and astonishments
You know what time it is, ante up, this is in forever
Y'all got 'til April the 7th to get y'all shit together

[Outro]
Let's get it!
Look, look!
On foenem



Yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah
Hold the fuck up

We gonna take this little intermission to listen
To what the fuck I got to say, you know

I been doing this shit for years:
Holding heat, selling
Using, abusing all kinds of drugs;
Robbing niggas, running up in niggas' cribs
You know, the whole shit

So don't ever in your life get me confused
With some of them other niggas that you might see
On TV
Or hear on the radio and such
Know what I'm saying?

I mean, this is me: P
I'm speaking for my fucking self

When you see me:
At the show
Or on stage
Or on the street
I DEFINITELY got the gat on me
You know what I'm saying?

And it ain't like I'm trying to be a tough guy
Or trying to make people think I'm crazy
By sayin' all this shit

But what it is, dat:
I know how niggas gets down, alright?
I used to be in the clubs:
The Muse, The Tunnel, whatever the fuck

Niggas get they little drink on
Havin'
Fun with they little crew
(You know what I'm saying)
Start cuttin' / shootin' / whatever
Things like that
A lot of these so-called "rap niggas"
Ain't never seen no parts of that shit
You know what I'm saying
You dig where I'm coming from?
Word up, yo

And I know a lot of y'all niggas —
Matter of fact, all y'all niggas
Is right now listening to this shit
Is like:

"We gonna see them Mobb Deep niggas
We gonna see what they about
Know what I'm saying, touch them niggas
We gonna see where they head is at."

So yo
I'm gonna let you niggas know right now:
You ain't gotta waste your time
Or your money
On your hospital bills
And if you step to me on a personal level
I don't back down easy
There's a good chance your ass is gonna get
Shot, stabbed, or knuckled down
One out of the three

So don't gamble with your life, duke
Word up
And believe me:
I know very well I could get shot, stabbed or fucked up too, whatever
— I ain't "Super Nigga" /, I'm a little skinny motherfucka
It's all about who gets who first, though
You know what I'm sayin?

So therefore, say no more
To all my niggas: Get the money
Frontin' niggas get deceased

And, oh yeah, to all them rap-ass niggas
With your half-assed rhymes
Talking about how much you get high, how much weed you smoke
And that crazy space shit that don't even make no sense:
Don't ever speak to me when you see me, know what I'm saying, word
I'ma have to get on some ole "high school" shit
Start punching niggas in they face just for living

Yo, I'm finished what I had to say
Ya'll can continue on



[Verse 1: Drake]
I don't know why they been lyin'
But your shit is not that inspirin'
Bank account statements just look like
I'm ready for early retirement
Fuck any nigga that's talking that shit just to get a reaction
Fuck going platinum!
I looked at my wrist and it's already platinum
I am the kid with the motor mouth
I am the one you should worry 'bout
I don't know who you're referring to
Who is this nigga you heard about?
Someone just talking that bullshit
Man, someone just gave you the run-around
Niggas downplayin' the money
But that's what you do when the money down
I don't waste time puttin' money down
I just go straight to who got it and buy it in cash
Pussy so good that you gotta come see me on tour
And you gotta fly in first class
This has been years in the makin'
It's all for the city, they know I come right every summer
Cash Money Records forever, I'm always big timin'
Bitch, I came up right under Stunna, you know it

[Hook: Drake]
Jealousy in the air tonight, I could tell
I will never understand that, but oh well
Been ready, it's real, I don't know 'bout you
She just want to smoke and fuck
I said "Girl, that's all that we do."
Okay, now you're talkin' my language
Now you're talkin' my language
Now you're talkin' my language
Now you're talkin' my language
Been ready, it's real, I don't know 'bout you
She just want to smoke and fuck
I said "Girl, that's all that we do."

[Verse 2: Drake]
I'm 'bout to roll one and light it
And fuck it, man, no one's invited
I got to kill off the weak shit
That's got all you niggas excited
I can't even listen, you wildin'
I'd much rather sit here in silence
I send all my money to banks in the islands
And eat with Italians, I do
People are funny, you don't even know
'Bout the shit that I been through
I just want some head in a comfortable bed
It could all be so simple
Talkin' that shit with you back to me
Just know it always get back to me
Come get your girl, she been here for three days
And she way too attached to me
Hate when they get too attached to me
I got to get on the bus and get back on the road
Get what I can out the country
And then I just get on the jet and go back to the cold
Can't even drive with the top off
I been workin' so hard on the album, I missed the whole summer
I just might bring in some girls from Miami
To heat up the city, and that's word to Stunna, you know it

[Hook: Drake]
Jealousy in the air tonight, I could tell
I will never understand that, but oh well
Been ready, it's real, I don't know 'bout you
She just want to smoke and fuck
I said "Girl, that's all that we do."
Okay, now you're talkin' my language
Now you're talkin' my language
Now you're talkin' my language
Now you're talkin' my language
Been ready, it's real, I don't know 'bout you
She just want to smoke and fuck
I said "Girl, that's all that we do."

[Outro: Birdman]
Famous and dangerous, you understand me?
Showtime, headlines, big time
Sunshine, tote 9's, bust mines
Flatline, hard grind, high life
Stay fly, it's jet time – stunt, nigga!
Every time you see a nigga – stunt, nigga!
Every time you see a nigga – stunt, nigga!
Swag on head to feet nigga – stunt, nigga!
I just might bring in some girls from Miami
To heat up the city, and that's word to Stunna, you know it



[Verse 1: Havoc]
It be a buck-fifty, your chance of runnin is infinte
Slugs that leave niggas drugged like a chick slip the Mickey
I'm so on the low it'd take a Navy Seal to get me
When I surface, if not chips to Benz is the purpose
On your team I'll pull the curtain, a beautiful hurtin
'til my eyes see the blood, that mean the creep start workin
Niggas never learnin that they eyes keep lurkin
Have ya janitor pumpin your X5 murkin
Skid marks the street, your heart skips a beat
Beef? Nigga overcook that meat
Get no sleep, only rest is in between the blink
My life story was written in blood, permanent ink
Killer instinct, R.I.P. 'em
Gotta think like that cause forever I be needin 'em
Plan flawless, mistakes never repeatin 'em
Some love, some hate me, bitches in the head beatin 'em
Niggas wanna ride by the crib all slow
We clap mothafucka, want a real rap show?
Fiends are rushin when the mack blow, dead in my castle
And in the blink watch how quick life pass you

[Hook: Vita]
What's wrong with mothafuckas when will the ever learn
Keep playin with that fire and that ass is gettin burned
Fuckin with semi-autos, one foot is in the grave
We givin all of y'all somethin to be afraid of
What's wrong with mothafuckas when will the ever learn
Keep playin with that fire and that ass is gettin burned
Fuckin with semi-autos, one foot is in the grave
We givin all of y'all somethin to be afraid of

[Verse 2: Big Noyd]
Let me tell you how it's goin down, it's on now
Niggas used to love me, now they wanna hate me now
I'm that same nigga with the tech, holdin the spot down
Except I'm pushin a Lex, lettin the top down
But wait, you don't think I live a pop life now
That's hate, you could get popped right now
Me don't play, I keep a gun around my way
And I'm a fuckin drama king like my nigga Kayslay
Sex, drugs, money and murder all day
It's rules, guidlines and codes, we obey
Don't even trip, IMD it's that I claim
Infamous Mobb Deep nigga, ready to bang
Nigga don't think shit stink, then shit hit the fans
So I don't slip, I'mma shit with my gun in my hand
It's a thug thing y'all niggas wouldn't understand and
Y'all keep guns we keep our shit bangin

[Hook: Vita]
What's wrong with mothafuckas when will the ever learn
Keep playin with that fire and that ass is gettin burned
Fuckin with semi-autos, one foot is in the grave
We givin all of y'all somethin to be afraid of

[Verse 3: Prodigy]
You a bitch-ass nigga, I'll have you killed
All they had was your picture at the funeral
No casket, you bastards be missin
My jewels, my whip, my rims we bitchin
My guns be the heat that'll make you blister
My mens, my Timbs'll stomp you niggas
No shit, no clip, don't fuck with us
It's no problem, I bring it to the best of them
From the old to the new and the rest of them
No love, just slugs for ya body, dunn!
Just pain, just sufferin and worst than that
You let me get my hands on you so I'm takin advantage
And that shit that you pulled ain't do me no damage
You don't know me, nigga, but we bout to change that shit!
Wrap that nigga up like a package
Fuck all them niggas; buck all them faggots!

[Hook: Vita]
What's wrong with mothafuckas when will the ever learn
Keep playin with that fire and that ass is gettin burned
Fuckin with semi-autos, one foot is in the grave
We givin all of y'all somethin to be afraid of
What's wrong with mothafuckas when will the ever learn
Keep playin with that fire and that ass is gettin burned
Fuckin with semi-autos, one foot is in the grave
We givin all of y'all somethin to be afraid of

[Outro: Vita]
Yeah, QB (Yeah)
Mobb Deep, dola
It's going down, we're taking over
Vita, gettin this dough
We don't call it Murder for nothin (Murda! Murda, Murda!)
I'll send you on, Prodigy, Big Noyd, Havoc
Yeah, y'all see us, it ain't a game..Yeah
Oh..Come on..Yeah..You see us



"Ultralight Beam"

Kanye West, Mike Dean, Kelly Price, Terius Nash, Nico "Donnie Trumpet" Segal, Kirk Franklin, Kasseem Dean, Chancelor Bennett, Jerome Potter, Samuel Griesemer

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music Inc. (BMI) // Warner-Tamerlane
Publishing Corp. (BMI)/Papa George Music (BMI). All rights admistered by Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. //For the Write Price Admin. By Kobalt Songs Corp. (ASCAP) //Copyright control // 2082 Music Publishing/WB Music Corp. (ASCAP) // Copyright control // Universal Brentwood Benson Songs/Universal Music Z-Tunes LLC (ASCAP) //Monza Ronza/Universal Tunes (SESAC) //Chancelor Bennett Publishing Desingee // JLOL ASCAP (ASCAP) //Samuel Grisemer Publishing Designee (BMI)

Production: Kanye West, Mike Dean #MWA for Dean's List Productions, Chance the Rapper, and Swizz Beats
Co-Production: Rick Rubin and Derek Watkins
Additional Production: Plain Pat, DJ Dodger Stadium, and Noah Goldstein for Ark Productions, INC
Engineered By: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, Mike Dean, and Mike Malchicoff
Mixed By: Noah Golstein
Vocals: Chance the Rapper, Kirk Fraklin, The-Dream, and Kelly Price
Additional Vocals: Natalie green and Samoria Green
Trumpets: Donnie Trumpet
Keyboards & Bass Guitar: Mike Dean
Choir Contractor: Anthony Evans for Sherman James Production
Choir: Aaron Encinas, Shanika Bereal, Crystal Lewis Ray, Kenyon Dixon, Rachel Whitlow, George Young, Lakesha Shantell, Tiffany Stevenson, and Chavonne Stewart

Kirk Franklin appears courtesy of Fo Yo Soul/RCA Records, a division of Sony Music Entertainment
The-Dream appears courtesy of the Atlanta-Paris Project and Roc Nation Records

"Father Stretch My Hands Pt. 1"

Kanye West, Scott Mescudi, Mike Dean, Cydel Young, Allen Ritter, Jerome Potter, Samuel Griesemer, Chancelor Bennett, T.L. Barrett)

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI)//Elsie's Baby Boy Publishing (ASCAP), administered by Kobalt Publishing//Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp.(BMI)/Papa George Music (BMI). All rights administered by Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. //Bu Thiam Publishing (BMI)//Ritter Boy LLC (ASCAP)// JLOL ASCAP (SACAP)//Samuel Griesemer Publishing Designee (BMI)// Chancelor Bennett Publishing Designee//Henry Stone Music USA, INC

Producers: Kanye West, Mike Dean #MWA for Dean's List Productions, and Rick Rubin
Co-Producer: Metro Boomin
Additional Production: DJ Dodger Stadium, Allen Ritter, and Noah Goldstein for Ark Productions, INC
Keyboards and Moog Modular: Mike Dean
Engineers: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, and Mike Dean
Mixed: Noah Goldstein
Vocals: Kid Cudi

Contains samples of the recording "Father Stretch My Hands" performed by Pastor T.L. Barrett featuring Youth for Christ, used courtesy of Henry Stone Music USA, INC. Written by T.L. Barrett published by Henry Stone Music USA, INC
Kid Cudi appears courtesy of Republic Records

"Pt. 2"

Kanye West, Cydel Young, Sidney Selby III, Adnan Khan, T.L. Barrett

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI)//Bu Thiam Publishing (BMI)//Sidney Selby (BMI)// Adnan Khan (ASCAP)// Henry Stone Music USA, INC

Production: Kanye West, Menace Andrick Rubin
Co-Prodution: Plain Pat
Additional Production: Caroline Shaw
Vocals: Desiigner and Caroline Shaw
Engineering: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, and Mike Dean
Mix: Noah Goldstein at Jungle City Studios, CA

Desiigner appears courtesy of G.O.O.D Music/Def Jam Recording
Contains samples of the recording "Panda" performed by Desiigner, used courtesy of G.O.O.D Music/Def Jam Recordings. Written by Sidney Selby II and Adnan Khan. Copyright control
Contains samples of the recording "Father Stretch My Hands" performed by Pastor T.L. Barrett featuring Youth for Christ, used courtesy of Henry Stone Music USA, INC. Written by T.L. Barrett published by Henry Stone Music USA, INC

"Famous"

Kanye West, Cydel Young, Kejuan Muchita, Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Mike Dean, Chancelor Bennett, Kasseem Dean, Jimmy Webb, Winston Riley, Luis Enriquez Bacalow, Enzo Vita, Sergio Bardotti, Giampiero Scalamonga

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI)//Bu Thiam Pusblishing (BMI)//Juvenile Hell/Universal Music-MGB Songs (ASCAP)// Noah Goldstein Admin. By DONDA Publishing/Emi April Music INC. (ASCAP)//Sound EQ Music (ASCAP)// Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. (BMI)/Papa George Music (BMI). All rights administered by Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp.//Chancelor Bennett Publishing Designee//Monza Ronza/Universal Tunes (SESAC)//Emi Sosha Music INC. (BMI)//Songs of Lastrada BMI)//BMG Rrighs Management US LLC D/B/A R2M Music (BMI)//ROYNET Music (ASCAP)/Westbury Music//Universal Music – MGB Songs (ASCAP)/Universal Music Publishing Ricordi SRL. (SIAE)

Production: Kanye West and Havoc
Co-Production: Noah Goldstein for ARK Productions, INC., Charlie Heat for Very GOOD Beats, INC. and Andrew Dawson
Additional Production: Hudson Mohawke, Mike Dean #MWA for Dean's List Productions, and Plain Pat
Engineering: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, and Mike Dean
Vocals: Rihanna & Swizz Beatz
Rihanna Vocals Recording: Marcos Tovar
Rihanna Vocal Production: Kuk Harrell
Swizz Vocals Recording: Zeke Mishanec
Mix: Noah Goldstein @ Jungle City Studios, NYC

Rihanna appears courtesy of Westbury Road Entertainment, LLC
Contains samples of the recording "Do What You Gotta Do" performed by Nina Simone, used courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment. Written by J. Webb, published by EMI Sosaha Music INC. (BMI)/Songs of Lastrada (BMI)/BMG Rights Management US LLC D/B/A R2M Music BMI)
Contains samples of the recording "Bam Bam" performed by Sister Nancy, licensed courtesy of Technique Records by arrangement with the Royalty Network, INC. Written by Winston Riley and published by Roynet Music (ASCAP)/Westbury Music
Contains samples of the recording "MI Sono Svegliato E..Ho Chisuo Gli Occhi" Performed by Il Rovescio Della Medaglia, used courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment Italy S.P.A. Written by L. Bacalow, E. Vita, S. Bardotti, and G. Scalmogna, and published by Universal Music - MGB Songs (ASCAP)/Universal Music Publishin Ricordi SRL. (SIAE)

"Feedback"

Kanye West, Cydel Young, Darius Jenkins, K. Rachel Mills, Marcus Byrd, Chancelor Bennett, Ardalan Sarfaraz, Farid Zaland

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI)//Bu Thiam Publishing (BMI)//Darius Jenkins Publishing Designee (BMI)//Grape Jelly Jams (ASCAP) //Fresh Since 1981 (SESAC)//Chancelor Bennett Publishing Designee//Setare Musikverlag Micheal Riter Joerg Froh (GEMA)

Production: Kanye West
Co-Production: Charlie Heat for Very GOOD Beats, INC. and Noah Goldstein for Ark Productions, INC
Engineering: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, and Mike Dean
Mix: Noah Goldstein

Contains samples from the recording "Talagh" Performed By Googoosh, Used Courtesy of Finders Keepers Records. Written by  A. Sargaraz and F. Zaland, Published By Setare Musikverlag Micheal Ritter Joerg Froh (GEMA). Used by permission. All Rights Reserved

"Low Lights"

Kanye West, Mike Dean, Jerome Potter, Samuel Griesemer, Sandy Rivera

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music Inc. (BMI)// Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. (BMI)/Papa George Music (BMI). All Rights Administered by Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp.// JLOL ASCAP (ASCAP)//Samuel Griesemer Publishing Designee (BMI)//Defected Records Admin. by BMG Chrysalis

Produced: Kanye West & DJ Dodger Stadium
Additional Production: Mike Dean #MWA for Dean's List Productions
Engineering: Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, Mike Dean and Noah Goldstein
Mixed by: Mike Dean

Contains samples of the recording "So Alive (Acapella)" Performed by Kings of Tomorrow, used courtesy of Defected Records. Written by Sandy Rivera and published byBMG Chrysalis

"Highlights"

Kanye West, Terius Nash, Cydel Young, Jeffrey Williams, Mike Dean, Greg Phillinganes, Tyler Bryant, Pat Reynolds

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music Inc. (BMI)//2082 Music/WB Music Publishing (ASCAP)//Bu Thiam Publishing (BMI)//Songs of YSL Music Publishing (BMI)// Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. (BMI)/Papa George Music (BMI). All rights administered by Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp.//King Arthur Music (ASCAP)//Tyler Bryant Publishing Designee// Plain Pat What Up (ASCAP)

Production: Kanye West and Mike Dean #MWA for Dean's List Productions
Co-Production: Velous and Southside
Additional Production: Plain Pat and Noah Goldstein for Ark Productions, Inc
Keyboards: Mike Dean and Greg Phillinganes
Engineers: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, Mike Dean, Nathaniel Alford, Mike Malchicoff
Mix: Mike Dean
Mix Assistant: Kez Khou
Vocals: Young Thug
Additional Vocals: The-Dream, El DeBarge and Kelly Price

Young Thug appears courtesy of 300/Atlantic Recording Corporation
The-Dream appears courtesy of The Atlanta-Paris Project and Roc Nation Records

"Freestyle 4"

Kanye West, Mike Dean, Cydel Young, Sidney Selby III, Ross Birchard, Jerome Potter, Samuel Griesemer, Noah Goldstein, Alison Goldfrapp, Robert Locke, Timothy Norfolk, William Gregory

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI)//Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. (BMI)/Papa George Musi (BMI). All rights administered by Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. //Bu Thiam Publishing (BMI)//Sidney Selby (BMI)// Ross Birchard Publishing Desingee (PRS)// JLOL ASCAP (ASCAP)//Samuel Griesemer Publishing Desingee (BMI)// Noah Goldstein Admin. By DONDA Publishing/EMI April Music Inc. (ASCAP)//Fintage Publishing/Warner Chappell Music International LTD. (PRS). All rights administered by WB Music Corp. (ASCAP)

Production: Kanye West
Co-Production: Hudson Mohawke, Noah Goldstein for Ark Productions INC. and Mike Dean #MWA for Dean's List Productions
Additional Production: DJ Dodger Stadium, Caroline Shaw, and Trevor Guerikis
Vocals: Desiigner
Engineers:Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, Mike Dean, and Tom Kahre
Mix: Andrew Dawson and Noah Goldstein

Desiigner appears courtesy of G.O.O.D. Music/Def Jam Recordings
Contains samples of teh recording "Human," performed by Goldfrapp, usd by permission of BMG Right Management (US) LLC
Contains elements of "Human" (A. Goldfrapp/W. Gregory/T. Norfolk/ R. Locke), published by Warner/Chappell Music Publishing LTD. (PRS). All rights administered by WB Music Corp. (ASCAP). All rights reserved

"I Love Kanye"

Kanye West

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music Inc. (BMI)

Producer: Kanye West
Engineer: Noah Goldstein
Mix: Noah Goldstein

"Waves"

Kanye West, Chris Brown, Cydel Young,Tony Williams, Elon Rutberg, Ross Birchard, Derek Watkins, Mike Dean, Scott Mescudi, Chancelor Bennett, Leland T. Wayne, Fred Bratwaithe, Robin Diggs, Kevin Ferguson, Thoedore Livingston, Darryl Mason, James Whipper

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI)//Culture Beyond Ur Experience Publishing/Songs of Universal (BMI)//Elsie's Baby Boy Publishing (ASCAP), Administered by Kobalt Publishing//Bu Thiam Publishing (BMI)//Receipt Club (BMI)//Multiple Discovery (ASCAP)// Ross Birchard Publishing Designee (PRS)//Derek Watkins Publishing Designee// Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. (BMI)/Papa George Music (BMI). All Rights Administered by Warner-Tamerlane Publishing//Chancelor Bennett Publishing Designee//Pluto Mars Music/Irving Music (ASCAP)//Mad Monkey Music (ASCAP)// Sony/ATV Tunes LLC O/B/O Edition Enigma Songs and Sony Music Publishing GMBH

Producer: Kanye West and Charlie Heat for Very GOOD Beats, INC
Co-Producers: Hudson Mohawke, Metro Boomin, and Mike Dean for #MWA for Dean's List Productions
Additional Production: Anthony Kilhoffer
Vocals: Chris Brown and Kid Cudi
Engineers: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, and Mike Dean
Mix: Andrew Dawson

Chris Brown appears courtesy of RCA Records, a division of Sony Music Entertainment
Kid Cudi appears courtesy of Republic Records
Contains samples of the recording "Fantastic Freaks at the Dixie" performed by Fantastic Freaks, courtesy of Pow Wow Productions, INC. Written by F. Bratwaithe, R. Diggs, K. Ferguson, T. Livingston, D. Mason, and J. Whipper. Published by Mad Monkey Music. Used by permission. All rights reserved

"FML"

Kanye West, Abel Tesfaye, Cydel Young, Mike Dean, Andrew Dawson, Noah Goldstein, Leland T. Wayne, Christian Boggs, Darius Jenkins, K. Rachel Mills, Marcus Byrd, Ross Birchard, Lawrence Cassidy, Vincent Cassidy, Paul Wiggin

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI)// Songs of SMP/Songs Music Publishing LLC (SOCAN)//Bu Thiam Publishing (BMI)//Warner-Tamerlane
Publishing Corp. (BMI)/Papa George Music (BMI). All rights administered by Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. //Sound Eq Music (ASCAP)//Noah Goldstein Admin. by DONDA Publishing/EMI April Music INC. (ASCAP)// Pluto Mars Music/Irving Music (ASCAP)// Mitus/Seventy7 Music (BMI), All rights administered by BMG Rights Management//Darius Jenkins Publishing Designee (BMI)//Grape Jelly James (ASCAP) //Fresh Since 1981 (SESAC)// Ross Birchard Publishing Designee (PRS)//LTM Songs/Mute Song

Producers: Kanye West and Mitus
Co-Producers: Metro Boomin, Noah Goldstein for Ark productions, INC., and Mike Dean #MWA for Dean's List Productions
Additional Production: Hudson Mohawke and Andrew Dawson
Engineers: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, and Mike Dean
The Weeknd Vocals Recorded: Shin Kamiyama
Mix: Mike Dean and Noah Goldstein
Mix Assistant: Kez Khou
Vocals: The Weeknd
Keyboards: Mike Dean

The Weeknd appears courtesy of The Weeknd XO, INC./Republic Records
Contains interpolations of the song "Hit" performed by Section 25 and written by Lawrence Cassidy, Vincent Cassidy, and Paul Wiggin, courtesy of LTM Songs/Mute Song. Use by permission. All rights reserved

"Real Friends"

Kanye West, Matthew Samuels, Adam Feeny , Kejuan Muchita, Darren King, Cydel Young, Glenda "Gizzle" Proby, Tyrone Griffin, JR., Mike Dean, Noah Goldstein, Jalil Hutchins, Lawrence Smith

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI)//1Damentional Publishing LLC/Sony/ATV Tunes LLC (ASCAP)//Dony/ATV/Nyan King (SOCAN)//Juvenile Hell/Universal Music (ASCAP)//Wojtek Music (ASCAP)//Bu Thiam Publishing (BMI)//Makin' Grandma Proud/Sony ATV Tunes LLC (ASCAP)//It's Drugs Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music (BMI)//Warner-Tamerlane Publishing CORP. (BMI)/Warner-Tamrelane Publishing CORP. (BMI)/Papa George Music (BMI). All rights administered by Warner-Tamerlane Publishing CORP.//Noah Goldstein Admin. by DONDA Publishing/EMI April Music INC. (ASCAP)//Universal Music-Z Tunes LLC O/B/O Itself and Funk Groove Music Publishing (ASCAP)

Produced: Kanye West and Boi-1da
Co-Produced: Frank Dukes and Havoc
Additional Production: Additional production by Darren King, Mike Dean #MWA for Dean's List Productions, and Noah Goldstein for Ark Productions, INC
Keyboards: Mike Dean
Engineered: Noah Goldstein at Home Studios and Ty Dolla $ign
Mixed: Manny Marroquin
Vocals: Ty Dolla $ign

Ty Dolla $ign appears courtesy of Atlantic Recording Corporation
Contains and interpolation of "Friends," written by J. Hutchins and L. Sith and published by Universal Music-Z Tunes LLC O/B/O Itself and Funk Groove Music Publishing (ASCAP)

"Wolves"

Kanye West, Christopher Breaux, Marcus August Hoiberg, Alan Stanley Soucy Brinsmead, Noah Goldstein, Elon Rutberg, Cydel Young, Ryan Mcdermott, Mike Dean, Kirby Lauryen

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood INC. (BMI) // Sony/ATV Publishing Scandinavia/Infinite Stripes (BMI) // Alan Stanley Soucy Brinsmead Publishing Designee (SOCAN) // Noah Goldstein Admin. by DONDA Publishing/EMI April Music INC. (ASCAP) // Elon Rutberg Publishing Designee // Monarchy Music/Abou Thiam Publishing (ASCAP) // Ryan Mcdermott Publishing Designee // Warner-Tamerberlane Publishing CORP. //Warner Chappell Music, INC. (ASCAP)/ROC Nation Music  (ASCAP) and A Song A Day (ASCAP). All Rights administered by Warner Chappell Music, INC. (ASCAP)

Produced: Kanye West, Cashmere Cat, Sinjin Hawke, and Mike Dean #MWA for Dean's List Productions
Additional Production: Noah Goldstein for Ark Productions, INC. and Caroline Shaw
Vocals: Caroline Shaw
Engineered: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, and Mike Dean
Mixed: Mike Dean
Mix Assisted: Kez Khou

Contains a sample of "Walking Dub" performed by Sugar Minott. Courtesy of Black Roots. Written by Lincoln Barrington Minott and Published by Lincoln Barrington Minott Publishing Designee. Used by permission. All rights reserved

"Siiiiiiiiilver Surffffeeeeer Intermission"

Charly Wingate, Karim Kharbouch

Biggavel Music Publishing (ASCAP) // Excuse My French Music (ASCAP)

Produced: Kanye West
Vocals: Max B and French Montana

French Montana appears coutesy of Bad Boy/Interscope Records

"30 Hours"

Kanye West, Aubrey Graham, Mike Dean, Charles Arthur Russell, Cornell Hayes, Jason Epperson, Pharrell Williams, Charles L. Brown

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI)//Sandrea Gale/EMI Music Publishing (ASCAP)//Papa George Music (BMI). All rights administered by Warner-Tamerlane Publishing CORP. //Domino Publishing Company USA O/B/O Echo & Feedback Newsletter Music (ASCAP)//Jackie Frost Music (ASCAP)/Universal Music-MGB Songs and Jay E's Basement (ASCAP)/Universal Music Corporation//Ascent Music INC. /EMI Blackwood INC. /Nouveau Music/Songs MP/Swing T Publishing (BMI)

Produced: Kanye West, Karriem Riggins, and Mike Dean #MWA for Dean's List Productions
Additional Production: Noah G
Background Vocals: André Benjamin
Engineered: Noah G, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, and Mike Dean
Mixed: Andew Dawson

André Benjamin appears courtesy of Epic Records, a division of Sony Music Entertainment
Contains samples of the recording "Answers Me" performed by Arthur Rusell, used courtesy of Beggars Group Limited/Audika Records LLC//Arthur Russell Estate. Written by Charles Arthur Russell, published by Domino Publishing Company USA O/B/O Echo & Feedback Newsletter Music (ASCAP)
Contains an interpolation of "E.I." Written by C. Haynes and J. Epperson and published by Jackie Frost Music (ASCAP)/Universal Music-MGB Songs and Jay E's Basement (ASCAP)/Univsersal Music Corporation
Contains and interpolation of "Hot In Here" Written by C. Haynes, P. Williams, and C. Brown and published by Jackie Frost Music (ASCAP)/Universal Music-MGB Songs//Ascent Music INC. /EMI Blackwood INC. /Nouveau Music/Songs MP/Swing T Publishing (BMI)

"No More Parties in LA"

Kanye West, Otis Jackson, JR., Kendrick Duckworth, John Watson, Walter Morrison, Herbert Rooney, Ronald Bean, Highleigh Crizoe, Dennis Coles, Larry Graham, Tina Graham, Sam Dees

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI)//Madlib Invazion (BMI)//WB Music CORP. /TDE Music/Hard Working Black Folks Publishing (ASCAP)//Songs of Universal,  INC. O/B/O Vrijon Music (BMI)//Bridgeport Music INC. (BMI)//Andi Girl Music (BMI). All rights administered by Warner-Tamerlane Publishing CORP. (BMI)//Diggs Family Music INC. (BMI)/Beso Entertainment/Tony Starks Music//Irving Music, INC. (BMI)//Graham-O-Tunes Music INC. (BMI)

Production: Kanye West and Madlib
Engineering: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, and Mixed by Ali
Mix: Manny Marroquin
Vocals: Kendrick Lamar

Kendrick Lamar appears courtesy of Top Dawg/Aftermath/Interscope Records
Contains samples of the recording "Give Me My Love" performed by Johnny "Guitar" Watson. Used courtesy of The Estate of Johnny "Guitar" Watson. Written by J. Watson and published by Songs of Universal, INC. O/B/O Vrijon Music (BMI). Used by permission. All rights reserved
Contains samples of the recording "Suzie Thundertussy" performed by Walter "Junie" Morrison. Used courtesy of Westbound Records. Written by W. Morrison and published by Bridgeport Music INC. (BMI). Used by permission. All rights reserved
Contains samples of the recording "Mighty Healthy (A Cappella)" performed by Ghostface Killah. Used courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment. Written by H. Rooney, R. Bean, L. Crizoe, D. Coles, and published by Andi Girl Music (BMI). All rights asministered by Warner-Tamerlan Publishing CORP. (BMI)/Diggs Family Music INC. (BMI)/Beso Entertainment/Tony Starks Music. Used by permission. All rights reserved
Contains samples of the recording "Stand Up and Shout About Love" performed by Larry Graham. Produced under license from Warner Bros. Records INC. by arragnement with Rhino Entertainment Company, a Warner Music Group Company. Written by L. Graham JR., T. Graham, and Sam Dees and published by Irving Music, INC. (BMI)/Graham-O-Tunes Music INC. (BMI). Used by permission. All rights reserved

"Facts (Charlie Heat Version)"

Kanye West, Cydel Young, Ernest Brown, Nicholas Smith, Aubrey Graham, Leleand T. Wayne, Nayvadius D. Wilburn

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI)//Bu Thiam Publishing (BMI)//Donda Publishing/EMI April Music INC./Sandra Gale (ASCAP)// Irving Music INC. /Nayvadius Maximus Music/Pluto Mars Music (BMI)

Produced: Kanye West, Metro Boomin, Southside, and Charlie Heat
Engineered: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, and Mike Dean
Mixed: Anthony Kilhoffer
Mix Assistant: Kyle Ross

Contains samples of the recording "Dirt and Grime", performed by Father's Children courtesy of Secretly Group. Written by N. Smith, published by Secretly Group Publishing. Used by permission. All rights reserved
Contains an interpolation of "Jumpman", written by A. Graham, L. Wayne, and N. Wilburn. Published by EMI April Music INC./Sandra Gale (ASCAP) and Iriving Music INC. /Navyvadius Maximus Music/Pluto Mars Music (BMI). Used by permission. All rights reserved
Contains elements of "Street Fighter 2",  courtesy of Capcom Co. LTD

"Fade"

Kanye West, Tyrone Griffin, JR., Austin Post, Mike Dean, Jerome Potter, Samuel Griesemer, Norman Whitfield, Eddie Holland, Cornelius Grant, Larry Heard, Rober Owens, Louie Vega, Ronald Carroll, Barbara Tucker, Harold Matthews

Please Gimme My Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music INC. (BMI) // It's Drugs Publishing/EMI Blackwood Music (BMI) // Posty Corp. LLC // Warner-Tamerlane Publishing CORP. (BMI)/Papa George Music (BMI). All Rights Administered by Warner-Tamerlane CORP. // JLOL ASCAP (ASCAP) // Samuel Griesemer Publishing Designee (BMI) // Stone Agate Music (BMI) // Alleviated Music/Leonard Street Songs Limited (ASCAP) // BMG Platinum Songs (BMI)/New York House Music (BMI). All Rights Administered by BMG Rights Management (US) LLC // BMG Platinum Songs (BMI)/New York House Music (BMI). All rights administered by BMG Rights Management (US) LLC // BMG Monarch (ASCAP). All rights administered by BMG Rights Management (US) LLC // Defensive Music Publishing UK (BMI) // Blak Beat Niks (ASCAP)

Produced: Kanye West
Co-Production: Anthony Kilhoffer, Benji B, Mike Dean #MWA for Dean's List Productions and Ryan "Charlie Handsome" Vojtesak
Additional Production: DJ Dodger Stadium and Noah Goldstein for Ark Productions, INC
Engineered: Noah Goldstein, Andrew Dawson, Anthony Kilhoffer, Mike Dean, David Rowland
Mixed: Noah Goldstein
Vocals: Post Malone and Ty Dolla $ign

Post Malone appears courtesy of Republic Records, a division of UMG Recordings, INC
Ty Dolla $ign appears courtesy of Atlantic Records Corporation
Contains a sample of the recording "(I Know) I'm Losing You" by Rare Earth and a sample of the recording "(I Know) I'm Losing You" by the Undisputed Truth. Both samples courtesy of Motown Records, a division of UMG Recordings, INC. Under License from Universal Musi Enterprises. Used by permission. All rights reserved. Written by C. Grant, E. Holland, and N. Whitfield and published by Stone Agate Music (BMI)
Contains samples of the recording "Mystery of Love" performed by Mr. Fingers. Used courtesy of Alleviated Music/ Larry Heard. Written by L. Heard and R. Owens and published by Alleviated Music/Larry Heard. Written by L. Heard and R. Owens and published by Alleviated Music/Leonard Street Songs Limited (ASCAP). Used by permission. All rights reserved
Contains samples of the recording "Deep Inside" performed by Hardrive (P) 1993 Strictly Rhythm Records, used by permission of BMG Rights Management (US) LLC. Written by Louie Vega and published by BMG Platinum Songs (BMI)/New York House Music (BMI). All rights administered by BMG Rights Management (US) LLC. Used by permission. All rights reserved
Contains samples of the recording "I Get Lifted (The Underground Network Mix)" performed by Barbara Tucker (p) 1994  Strictly Rhythm Records, used by permission of BMG Rights Management (US) LLC. Written by Louie Vega, Ronald Carroll, Barbara Tucker, and Harold Matthews and published by BMG Platinum Songs (BMI)/New York House Music (BMI)//BMG Monarch (ASCAP)//Defensive Music Publishing UK (BMI)//Blak Beat Niks (ASCAP). Used by permission. All rights reserved


Executive Producer: Kanye West
Co-Executive Producer: Rick Ruben & Noah Goldstein
Mastered By: Mike Dean at Dean's List House of Hits, SOHO, NY
Creative Director: Kanye West
Assistant Creative Director: Virgil Abloh
Donda Art Directors: Joe Perez & Mark Seekings
Album Artwork Design: Peter De Potter
Photographer: Ryan Dwyer
Photo Model: Sheniz H
A&R: Ché Pope and Plain Pat
Manager: Izvor Zivkovic
Def Jam A&R: Dion (No ID) Wilson
Production Coordination: Derek Watkins
Creative Consultant: North West, Saint West, Don Crawley, IBN Jasper, Virgil Abloh, Gabe Tesoriero, Elon Rutberg, Hudson Mohawke, Heron Preston, Julian Klincewicz
Management Team: Sakiya Sandifer, Dan Gieckel, & Amy Davis
A&R Coordination: Leesa Brunson
Marketing: David Bell
Publicity: Gabe Tesoriero & Tracy Nguyen
Technical Direction: David Baker
Web Development: Lane Goldberg
Production: Enny Beal and Paul Lane
Sample Clearances: Eric Weissman Music Licensing, INC
Legal: Micheal Guido, Rob Cohen, Renee Karalin, and Lisa Lester for Carroll, Guido & Groffman, LLP
Business Affairs: Nicole Wyskoarko, Ian Allen, Antoinette Trotman, and Donna Fetchko
Ameryacan Studios Assistant Engineers: Tom Kahre, William Sullivan, Joey Galvan, David Moses, Kimberly Katz
Jungle City Assistant Engineers: Brendan Morawski, Sean Klein, Kyle "Don" Resto, Zeke Mishanec
Windmark Studios Assistant Engineers: Jordan Heskett, Tristan Bott, Brandon Wood
Assistant Engineers: Dave 'Squirrel' Coveel, Johnie Burik, Eric Lynn
Production Assistants: Kevin Smith, Rob Bisel, Ricardo Kim

This album was recorded at: Windmark Studios Santa Monica, CA: No Name Studios. Punta Mita, Mexico: Home Studios. Calabasas: Germano Studios. NYC: Dean's List House of Hits. SOHO, NY: Jungle City Studios. NY: Larrabee Studios. North Hollywood. CA: No Name Studios. Florence. Italy: Home Studios: Nobel Street Studios: Abel's Crib (Trump): Ameryacan Studios. CA: Sound EQ Studios. CA: and Jungle City Studios, CA



Tracklist (click links for lyrics)
1. Ultralight Beam ft. Chance The Rapper, The-Dream and Kelly Price
2. Father Stretch My Hands Pt. I ft. Kid Cudi
3. Father Stretch My Hands Pt. 2 ft. Desiigner
4. Famous ft. Rihanna and Swizz Beatz
5. Feedback
6. Low Lights
7. High Lights ft. Young Thug
8. Freestyle 4 ft. Desiigner
9. I Love Kanye
10. Waves ft. Chris Brown
11. FML ft. The Weeknd
12. Real Friends ft. Ty Dolla $ign
13. Wolves ft. Vic Mensa and Sia
14. Frank's Track ft. Frank Ocean
15. Silver Surfer Intermission
16. 30 Hours ft. André 3000
17. No More Parties In LA ft. Kendrick Lamar
18. FACTS (Charlie Heat Version)
19. Fade ft. Ty Dolla $ign and Post Malone
20. Saint Pablo ft. Sampha

Album Art
Alternate Album Art

"Facts" Cover Artwork:
"Real Friends" Cover Artwork:
"No More Parties in L.A." Cover Artwork:
"30 Hours" Cover Artwork:




McDonalds Man
McDonalds Man
The french fries had a plan
The french fries had a plan
The salad bar and the ketchup made a band
Cus the french fries had a plan
The french fries had a plan

McDonalds Man
McDonalds
I know them french fries have a plan
I know them french fries have a plan
The cheeseburger and the shakes formed a band
To overthrow the french fries plan
I always knew them french fries was evil man
Smelling all good and shit
I don't trust no food that smells that good man
I don't trust it
I just can't

McDonalds Man
McDonalds Man
McDonalds, damn
Them french fries look good though
I knew the Diet Coke was jealous of the fries
I knew the McNuggets was jealous of the fries
Even the McRib was jealous of the fries
I could see it through his artificial meat eyes
And he only be there some of the time
Everybody was jealous of them french fries
Except for that one special guy
That smooth apple pie



[Intro]
"Here's a bulletin from state police, Princeton Junction."

"The militia...
Certain individuals of unidentified nature
Is now under complete control"

"Hip-hop is not, what it is today.."

"It's the real *echoes*... it's the (militia)"

[Verse 1: Big Shug]
If heads only knew how I felt about the rap game
They'd relocate, and change their fuckin' name
I eradicate move fakers, roll with coat shakers
Give dap to mad money makers
Shared cells with life takers, have sex with rump shakers
I make moves so I'mma earthquaker
I've been known to instill fear
Although the world may be round, we still trapped in the square
City light, got me buggin' and trife
Some die by the gun, some die by the knife
It's all right, like a game of spades I'm trump tight
Premier hit me with music to ensure that it thump right
And my flight, will be taken solely at night
'Cause that's when the freaks come out, no doubt
And in the dark hours is when I will shower
With the knowledge of my trade to get paid
Still I make moves like a snake in the grass, roundabout
I be dickin it down while you be assed out
Puff mad L's but never passed out
And if I'm caught up in a jam I blast my way out
There'll be no lettin' up, just straight shuttin' up
Or we'll start the wettin' up
Lyrical infrared sceptor never miss you
Big Shug, Guru, Freddie Foxxx, The Militia, militia

[Hook: Freddie Foxxx]
Everybody's spittin' it, the rhyme is hot
'Cause it's Big Shug, Guru, and Freddie the Foxxx
When Premier bring the beats, no it just don't stop
It's The Militia
Everybody's spittin' it, the rhyme is hot
'Cause it's Big Shug, Guru, and Freddie the Foxxx
When Premier bring the beats, no it just don't stop
It's The Militia

[Verse 2: Guru]
Yo; I ain't one to succumb to no man, but to command
And scoop up the troops when it's time to take a stand
Emphatically, deep strategies leave casualties
I creep gradually, 'til everybody knows
That I got more flows than Rosebud got hoes
The anger inside had me trapped
Til I got geared up with raps to tear you up like big gats
For big stacks, watch your back when I send em in
Caught you tremblin', my name and face you're rememberin'
Several attempts, but nah bitch, you'll never win
Rhymes pierce your skin or maybe limbs we'll be severin'
Take you to the mat, peep that, you should keep back
My ill-kid format will lay you flat like a doormat
That I walk on, I meditate while you talk on
And gossip, so I drop my hot shit; fully loaded Glock clips
So get the fuck out my block, kid
As nights turn to days, days go back to nights, we be speaking it right
And keeping it tight up in the street life
I meet life, head on, no holds barred
Born with a heart of gold, now mostly cold and scarred
En guard, choose your weapon, or get to steppin'
Lyrical bullets make you dance from the trance you be kept in
Assessments are made before, and during combat
I master my hunger, blow the spot when I bomb cats
One of us, equals many of us
Disrespect one of us, you'll see plenty of us
Conflict, is what I predict
You and your fellas is mad jealous, attempting to flare
We cleverly stalked ya, your fam'll miss ya
The war's on, that's why we formed The Militia

[Hook: Freddie Foxxx]
Everybody's spittin' it, the rhyme is hot
'Cause it's Big Shug, Guru, and Freddie the Foxxx
When Premier bring the beats, no it just don't stop
It's The Militia

[Verse 3: Freddie Foxxx]
You niggas owe me for my rhymes, I come to collect
For you dope fiend niggas in rap, I here to inject, check
My style is butter baby, spread it around
But when you niggas don't flow it right and fuck up my sound
I get down; in '89 I spit a "buck" in the face
Of every MC that came in the place, a scar you'll never erase
MC's are only recognized for their flows
I'm worldwide for the bitches, that I turned into hoes
You heard me spit it on Jew-elz, that's how it goes
For all them faking ass niggas and how I bust up their nose
And while your, nose is drippin', and drainin' blood
I'll be standing over you screamin', "Nigga, WHAT, WHAT?! Nigga WHAT?!"
Niggas feel my presence, like I'm right in their palm
'Cause a stormy day is coming, when you see me so calm, it's on
No more twin Glocks, they jam up my plays
Now its twin .40 calibre Walther PPK's
I'm in the control of my game, you must respect me like The Ref
Uh-huh, you disrespect *gun clicks* you get the tech
I turn you fake niggas on and off, like I'm the clapper
I rob so many niggas, they should call me Jack the Rapper
I'll the illest nigga doing this, dead or alive
Gloria Gaynor on you motherfuckers, I Will Survive
You can try to come at me, but do you want the kick back?
You step inside the cage of a pit, and you get bit back, huh
My war is so tight, my drama so ill
Beef with me hangs around like a unpaid bill
I push these lyrics through any MC, and make it burn
So the niggas who be rhyming next, will miss a turn
When you speak of who's the dopest MC, I don't come up
But when you speak of who's the livest MC, I stay one up, what's up?
I got stripes like you got strikes and bogus mikes
Do what bitch niggas do best - bite
Y'all niggas can't make up a law that I don't overrule, overthrow
Preem' brought Bumpy this track so I'ma let you know
Before I slide I'mma leave you this jewel
Even mechanics walk around with they tools
It's the Militia



[Intro]
You just popped in the Kanye West
Get Right For The Summer workout tape
And ladies if you follow these instructions exactly
You might bear to pull you a rapper, a NBA player
Man, at least a dude wit' a car
So first of all we gon' work on the stomach
Nobody wants a little tight ass!

[Verse 1]
1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and get them sit ups right and
Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
Give head, stop breathe, get up, check your weave
Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited
Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
What's scary to me is Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me
So excuse me miss, I forgot your name
Thank you, God bless you, good night I came..
I came...
I came..

[Hook]
It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothin' to talk about
'Lest, she talkin' about freakin' out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out (Come on) 4x
Work it out now
Maybe we can work it out (Come on, come on)

[Verse 2]
Oh girl your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set Twista said "Get It Wet"
Ooh girl your breath is HARSH
Cover your mouth up like you got SARS..

[Lil Jon]
STOP! IT'S THA MUTHAFUCKIN' REMIX!!

[Beat changes to Lil Jon's version]

[Verse 3: Fonzworth Bentley]
B-E-N-T-L-E-Y
Yee ain't know, you betta ask somebody
What we gonna do is twirk that body
All day, every day fitness party
Lock them doors, don't tell nobody
Gentlemens in the Gentlemen's Club
And hitting them with an interesting dub
It's upside down that's for the A-Town
What y'all sayin'?
F.J. Bentley caught misbehaving
Yes I'm the captain and I'm saving, all my money
Yes I'm just gonna stand and watch you dance from over here
Matter fact pass the Couvorsier
But I will walk you to your car my dear
Cheers

[Hook]
It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothin' to talk about
'Lest, she talkin' about freakin' out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out (Come on) 4x
Work it out now
Maybe we can work it out (Come on, come on)

[Interlude: Ladies speaking w/ Kanye in the background]
[Jill] Hi may name is Jill, I just want to say thanks to
Kanye's workout plan. I was able to pull a NBA player
And like now I shop every day on Rodeo drive
I just want to say, thank you Kanye! woooo! woooo! woooo!

[Lasandra] My name is Lasandra, and I just want to say
That ever since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape
I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds and 13's
Put up in my Cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to Cancun
And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck Ray Ray's
Broke ass no mo'

(Work it mo' juke it mo' pump it mo, Chi-town mo' let's go mo')

[Ellie Mae] My name is Ellie Mae from Mobile, Alabama
And I just want to say since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape
I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide
And I row the plain, row the plain, row the plain

[Girl] Thanks to Kanye's workout plan
I'm the envy of all my friends
See I pulled me a baller man (yeah)
And I don't gotta work at the mall again

*Beat changes*

(Lemme break ya wit' a piece of)
My favorite work out plan (oh! oh! oh!)
I wanna see you work out (yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah)
(It's that old Michael Jackson shit)

That's right put in work, move your ass, go wizzerk
Get your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve
It's Kanye's workout plan
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (Ladies and gentlemen)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Allow myself to introduce myself)
His woooorrrrkkoouut plan (This time around I want y'all to clap like this)

That's right put in work
Move your ass, go wizzerk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve (Stop!)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Ok bring)
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (I know y'all ain't tired)
It's Kanye's workout plan (But I hope not, 'cuz on this one I need ya)
His woooorrrrkkoouut plan (to give me a soul clap ok? double time)

That's right put in work (Woo!)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Ow!
Eat your salad, no dessert (Ugh!)
Get that man you deserve

That's right put in work (Put in work)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (No dessert)
Get that man you deserve (You hear, ugh)

That's right put in work (That's right put in work)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (Eat your salad, no dessert)
Get that man you deserve (Woo!)

(Okay, okay, okay, that's, that'd be good) *Applause and cheering*
(I appreciate your time)
I want to see you work out for me
Woah yeah



[Intro: Prodigy, Kool G Rap]
This the killa's shit, dun
No doubt, the undisputed

[Chorus: Prodigy, Kool G Rap]
For street niggas living with they lives on the line
For young guns coming up during these times
For police that find drugs let niggas slide
For niggas out slinging like 4 in the night
For your mans not snitching when the pressure is tight
For pistols that don't jam when it's time to strike
For bootleg liquor on a Sunday night
This be the realest shit you heard in your life

[Verse 1: Kool G Rap]
Yo, when the gats reveal you cats get peeled
And that's the deal
Fuck a bitch-ass that switch fast niggas that lack the real
When the slugs burst
G Rap be aiming at your mug first
Niggas is blood thirst, we'll see who get plugged worst
We dug earth, the place we put the nickel-plate is to your facial
Bullets ain't racial, kid, they only hate you
My nine'll seem like it's a time machine, B.C. date you
Jacking you more than Ripper
My fifth's an organ shifter, the human organism lifter
You'll be hearing organs if ya leaving orphans, if ya
Let these fours hit ya where the Lord split ya
I forbid ya..to bump heads with those that dump lead
Accurate shots in back of your knot
Leave you one dead, G Rap, Havoc and Prodigy
Let's put these bitch niggas
Where bodies be dun, yo if it gotta be, it gotta be

[Chorus: Prodigy, Kool G Rap]
For street niggas living with they lives on the line
For young guns coming up during these times
For police that find drugs let niggas slide
For niggas out slinging like 4 in the night
For your mans not snitching when the pressure is tight
For pistols that don't jam when it's time to strike
For bootleg liquor on a Sunday night
This be the realest shit you heard in your life

[Verse 2: Havoc]
When the gat spit some niggas get blown off the atlas
It happens unsolved mystery re-enactments
Get practiced what you lack is you think like the average
Jake stoop down and leaving crime scenes entangled
Nothing but cannons get conspicuous
Like a man a little branded with the serial scratched
Bad apple out of the batch, dun they made me like that
If I could push back the clock probably leave it like that
Draw blood for my nigga G.O.D, Ty Nitty and Twin
And Twin is not here plus my kin
Killa B forever with me, quick to settle with me
Into QB to show love throughout the years with me
You got guns we got guns the serious ones
Leaving foul powder stuck in your lungs
We come from where niggas look out for they dun-duns
Love, never disrespect, hit niggas with re-direct

[Chorus: Prodigy, Kool G Rap]
For street niggas living with they lives on the line
For young guns coming up during these times
For police that find drugs let niggas slide
For niggas out slinging like 4 in the night
For your mans not snitching when the pressure is tight
For pistols that don't jam when it's time to strike
For bootleg liquor on a Sunday night
This be the realest shit you heard in your life

[Verse 3: Prodigy]
Never prejudge, it be the humble that squeeze slugs
It be the ones standing still that'll peel guns
Spill blood for my dunns thugging for me
Man you don't wanna get involved fucking with P
I spent more nights illing, less nights chilling
The more shots they hold the better they feel it
What be the deal is some killers like to hide behind specs
Others got blatant disrespecting and the rest
Or so young that you wouldn't even expect
To be bursting off guns like a Vietnam vet
On the steps, sitting in the staircase bent
Thinking on ways to take another man's head
Go to war with niggas that's against what I rep
I settle things with a heavy metal fifth
Change clips, switch clothes after I spit
Place niggas back in they space, fuck is on your mind kid

[Chorus: Prodigy, Kool G Rap]
For street niggas living with they lives on the line
For young guns coming up during these times
For police that find drugs let niggas slide
For niggas out slinging like 4 in the night
For your mans not snitching when the pressure is tight
For pistols that don't jam when it's time to strike
For bootleg liquor on a Sunday night
This be the realest shit you heard in your life



[Intro]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Uh huh, the Roc in here (yeah)
It's ya boy Kanye To The
Listen up man

[Verse]
I got girls in my room like hostages
Giving me neck like ostriches
Give some play to the real Kanye
'Cause we all know who the imposters is
All my gangsters, mob to this
And all my strippers, do your job to this
Hell no, I can't give you my cell phone
But you know where the hotel lobby is
For ya'll the same girls wouldn't give me no ass
Now I done highly surpassed my whole upper class
Bet if I meet her now I can fuck her fast, I pass
I be on some new shit
I wouldn't fuck none of the girls I went to school with
Fuck around, I ain't be on no cool shit
Like you don't see the models that me and my crew get
You don't see the frivolous jewels I bought with The Blueprint
She said "Whoa! Kanye don't get caught up in the hype
Ain't no telling they gon' love you after the night"
Well, if tonight's the night, pop bottles, fuck models
Spend money till you're broke my, nigga, live your life
'Cause I'm living international nigga American dream
And all my dawgs living vicariously through me
So if I get head from Trin', that one for the team
Fuck 702, that one for the crew
My dawg Hip Hop really love Claudette
So if I ever get to smash, this fuck's for you
I can barely drive the G5 down King Drive
Just like the Brinks trucks, they know it's money inside

[Outro]
Uh huh, (uh huh)
The Roc in here



[Intro: Action Bronson]
Bam Bam
La musica de Harry Fraud

[Hook: Action Bronson]
White leather to the knee, we in the tropics
Left hand is switching speeds
I'm in the cockpit
Straight from Flushing man, we known for using chopsticks
Problems getting dealt with, never pop shit
Hit you with the dropkick, Marty Jannetty
Know I hit you with the dropkick, Marty Jannetty
Know I hit you with the dropkick, Marty Jannetty
Know I hit you with that dropkick, Marty Jannetty

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Rock this Shawn Kemp, kamikaze
Burning cheese, Saganaki (opa)
Greek shit, whole team sick
Hoe bitches from Cleveland on my dick because I rap
Fuck it, make it clap
Throw the money in the air then pick it up
I'll take that back, bitch
Homie hold me down
Homie throw me phony pounds
The scent of dollars like some crispy garlic golden brown
Addicted but ain't nothing prescripted
Baby clams from Montauk, mix it up with the linguistics
Bitch I'm high

[Hook: Action Bronson]
White leather to the knee, we in the tropics
Left hand is switching speeds
I'm in the cockpit
Straight from Flushing man, we known for using chopsticks
Problems getting dealt with, never pop shit
Hit you with the dropkick, Marty Jannetty
Know I hit you with the dropkick, Marty Jannetty
Know I hit you with the dropkick, Marty Jannetty
Know I hit you with that dropkick, Marty Jannetty

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Uh, know I hit you with that hot shit
Straight up off the block, roll up pot shit
Niggas just don't wanna go to school
Act like they are, but they not sick
Money all up in my pocket, putting diamonds in everything
See me out I look rich as fuck, clothes smelling like Mary Jane
Ride coastal been on every plane
Say these guys close, but these guys loco
When they see me they non-vocal
High as fuck I need bifocals
Kush got me moving slo-mo
Steak and eggs in my dojo
It's some Gs in there
Need some weed? I'm there
All these cars I own, ain't no keys in there
Tapping young niggas out, rolling weed out an ounce
Now I got a bigger crib
Repping what I live about
My hair long, my weed strong, so they staring
My weed strong, my money long, I ain't caring

[Hook: Action Bronson]
White leather to the knee, we in the tropics
Left hand is switching speeds
I'm in the cockpit
Straight from Flushing man, we known for using chopsticks
Problems getting dealt with, never pop shit
Hit you with the dropkick, Marty Jannetty
Know I hit you with the dropkick, Marty Jannetty
Know I hit you with the dropkick, Marty Jannetty
Know I hit you with that dropkick, Marty Jannetty



[Intro]
Easy money
It's about to be a surgical summer
Chop the tops off the coupes
The cuatrociento' ochenta y ocho
The Spider joint
And you know we gotta cut the heads off these snakes, right?
Watch the body drop

[Verse]
Drug dealin' aside, ghostwritin' aside
Let's have a heart-to-heart about your pride
Even though you're multi, I see that your soul don't look alive
The M's count different when Baby divides the pie, wait
Let's examine why
Your music for the past few years been angry and full of lies
I'll start it at the home front—"I'm on One"
Dennis Graham stay off the 'Gram, bitch, I'm on one
You mention wedding ring like it's a bad thing
Your father walked away at five—hell of a dad thing
Marriage is somethin' that Sandi never had, Drake
How you a winner but she keep comin' in last place?
Monkey-suit Dennis, you parade him
A Steve Harvey-suit nigga made him
Confused, always felt you weren't Black enough
Afraid to grow it 'cause your 'fro wouldn't nap enough
Since you name-dropped my fiancée
Let 'em know who you chose as your Beyoncé
Sophie knows better as your baby mother
Cleaned her up for IG, but the stench is on her
A baby's involved, it's deeper than rap
We talkin' character, let me keep with the facts
You are hiding a child, let that boy come home
Deadbeat mothafucka playin' border patrol, ooh
Adonis is your son
And he deserves more than an Adidas press run, that's real
Love that baby, respect that girl
Forget she's a pornstar, let her be your world, yuugh!
How dare you put Ye in my verses?
I'm selfish, I want all of the curses
I'm pre-bookin' the churches, me versus three hearses
If we all go to Hell it'll be worth it
Already aligned with the greats, and on that same note
The only ones I chase are two ghosts
Still givin' you classics, that's the only thing that dates me
OVO 40, hunched over like he 80—tick, tick, tick
How much time he got? That man is sick, sick, sick
I got the devil flow, nigga—six-six-six
Surgical summer with it—snip, snip, snip
And you don't really want it with him

[Outro]
Surgical Summer, Volume 1
We gon' take this slow
We just gon' peel it back layer-by-layer
Yeah, DAYTONA
Album of the motherfuckin' year
And you talkin' 'bout you upset
Hahahahaha
Well, I wanna see what it's like when you get angry, okay?
You show me that
Push!



[Intro: Nina Simone]
Skin is, skin, is
Skin black, my skin is black
My, black, my skin is yellow

[Chorus]
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga
I like that second one
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga

[Interlude]
O.J. like, "I'm not black, I'm O.J." …okay

[Verse 1]
House nigga, don't fuck with me
I'm a field nigga, go shine cutlery
Go play the quarters where the butlers be
I'ma play the corners where the hustlers be
I told him, "Please don't die over the neighborhood
That your mama rentin'
Take your drug money and buy the neighborhood
That's how you rinse it"
I bought every V12 engine
Wish I could take it back to the beginnin'
I coulda bought a place in DUMBO before it was DUMBO
For like 2 million
That same building today is worth 25 million
Guess how I'm feelin'? Dumbo

[Chorus]
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga

[Interlude]
You wanna know what's more important than throwin' away money at a strip club? Credit
You ever wonder why Jewish people own all the property in America? This how they did it

[Verse 2]
Financial freedom my only hope
Fuck livin' rich and dyin' broke
I bought some artwork for one million
Two years later, that shit worth two million
Few years later, that shit worth eight million
I can't wait to give this shit to my children
Y'all think it's bougie, I'm like, it's fine
But I'm tryin' to give you a million dollars worth of game for $9.99
I turned that 2 to a 4, 4 to an 8
I turned my life into a nice first week release date
Y'all out here still takin' advances, huh?
Me and my niggas takin' real chances, uh
Y'all on the 'Gram holdin' money to your ear
There's a disconnect, we don't call that money over here, yeah

[Chorus]
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga



[Chorus]
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

[Verse 1]
Remember back in the days when niggas had waves
Gazelle shades and corn braids
Pitching pennies, honeys had the high-top jellies
Shooting skelly, motherfuckers was all friendly
Lounging at the barbecues, drinking brews
With the neighborhood crews, hanging on the avenues
Turn your pages to 1993
Niggas is getting smoked, G: believe me
Talk slick, you get your neck slit quick
Cause real street niggas ain't having that shit
Toting Tecs for rep
Smoking blunts in the project hallways
Shooting dice all day
Wait for niggas to step up on some fighting shit
We get hype and shit and start lighting shit
So step away with your fist-fight ways
Motherfucker, this ain't back in the days
But you don't hear me though

[Chorus]
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

[Verse 2]
No more coco-levio 1, 2, 3
1, 2, 3... all it is to me, is a mystery
I hear you motherfuckers talk about it
But I stay seeing bodies with the motherfucking chalk around it
And I'm down with the shit too
For the stupid motherfuckers want to try to use Kung-Fu
Instead of a MAC-10, he tried scrapping
Slugs in his back and that's what the fuck happens
When you sleep on the street
Little motherfuckers with heat wanna leave a nigga six feet deep
And we coming to the wake
To make sure the crying and commotion ain't a motherfucking fake
Back in the days our parents used to take care of us
Look at 'em now, they even fuckin' scared of us
Calling the city for help because they can't maintain
Damn, shit done changed

[Chorus]
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

[Verse 3]
If I wasn't in the rap game
I'd probably have a key knee-deep in the crack game
Because the streets is a short stop
Either you're slinging crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot
Shit, it's hard being young from the slums
Eating 5 cent gums, not knowing where your meal's coming from
And now the shit's getting crazier and major
Kids younger than me, they got the Sky brand pagers
Going out of town, blowing up
Six months later, all the dead bodies showing up
It make me wanna grab the 9 and the shotty
But I gotta go identify the body
Damn, what happened to the summertime cookouts
Every time I turn around, a nigga getting took out
Shit, my Momma got cancer in her breast
Don't ask me why I'm motherfucking stressed, things done changed

[Chorus]
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right



[Intro Sample: Interviewer and Princess Diana]
What effect did the depression have on your marriage?
Well, it gave everybody a wonderful new label, Diana's unstable and Diana's mentally imbalanced, and unfortunately, that seems to have stuck on over the years
Are you saying that label stuck within your marriage?
I think people used it. And it stuck
According to press reports, it was suggested that it was around this time things became so difficult, that you actually tried to injure yourself. Is that true?
Mhm. When no one's listening to you, or you feel like no one's listening to you, all sorts of things start to happen . For instance, you have so much pain inside yourself, that you try and hurt yourself on the outside, because you want help, but it's the wrong help you're asking for. People see it as crying wolf or attention seeking, and they think because you're in the media all the time, you've got enough attention, inverted commas, but I was actually crying because I wanted to get better

[Chorus: Merlyn Wood, Matt Champion, & Dom McLennon]
Give it to me, Give it to me
Give it to me now, Give it to me now
Give it to me now, now
Give it to me, Give it to me
Give it to me now, give it to me now, now, now
Give it to me now, give it to me now, now, now
Give it to me now, Give it to me now
Give it to me now, Give it to me now
Give it to me now, now, now
Give it to me now, now, now
I-I need it, I-I, need it, need it
I-I need it, I-I, need it, need it
I-I need it, I-I, need it, need it
I-I need it, I-I, need it, need it

[Verse 2: Kevin Abstract & Merlyn Wood]
Sometimes I be mad that I ain't sexy
Sometimes I be shy to show my blessings
Poppin' like a carbonated beverage
The cat's popping niggas Orville Redenbacher
Ian, you sexy!

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
Sometimes I give friends more time than family
You remember when I used to feel like I don't understand me
Now we speakin' the same language
I don't listen like I can be
But I'm learnin'
But I'm learnin'
But I'm learnin'

[Verse 4: Matt Champion]
Sometimes I feel like I'm way too sexy
Most the singers found me in the desert
Minimi-, minimi-
Handle my business, don't talk to me directly
No one above me actin' like they all so lovely
Recogni-, Recogni-
They try to pin me down, they try to bind me
And they try to kill me like Anna Nicole
Heels switchin', finger clicking
Kick on me like I’m James Bond on a role
They want the boot of my car
Pussy boy like booty call
Money quick like auctioneer
You need a neutral career
Look what we did in a year
Yeah! Yeah!

[Verse 5: Joba]
Oh, I'm lonesome, and hopeless
But hopeful, but hopeful
What's a boy to do lost in the world trying to find a balance
Sippin' out his chalice with its jewels dancing
Fluid like the potion
That pours when I get down some
Just trying to find a port in the sky where
The sun can shine down some
Jesus is lord, I put that on god
What more do you want from me?
He's in the dark, he's just a child
They turned their backs on me
Nevermind what it was
I see enemies
Don't want what's best for me
You best believe

[Bridge: Joba]
I'm lonesome
But hopeful, But hopeful
I'm lonesome
But hopeful, But hopeful

[Verse 6: Kevin Abstract]
'Times, it be so spot on it hurts
Like my auntie couldn't decide between going to work or church
I been in my feelings on that island in the dirt
I feel like brothers lie just so my feelings don't get hurt
I said I tried vacation, I tried to run away
I deleted Facebook, I'd trade fame any day
For a quiet texas place, and a BBQ plate
I'll switch my place if that's good for ya

[Bridge: Kevin Abstract]
Is that good for ya?
Good for ya
Is that good for ya?
Good for ya
Is that good for ya?

[Chorus: Merlyn Wood]
Give it to me, Give it to me
Give it to me now, Give it to me now
Give it to me now, now
Give it to me now, Give it to me now, now, now



1. "What is Happening in Hollywood?" by Dave Chappelle
2. "Bugs Life" by Tierra Whack
Roberto Interlude #1
3. "The Promise" by When in Rome
4. "So What" (ft. Ciara) by Field Mob
Mariah Carey Interlude
5. "Honey" by Mariah Carey
6. "We Belong" by Pat Benatar
Miami Interlude
7. "Take It to Da House" (ft. Trina & Slip N' Slide Express) by Trick Daddy
8. "After Dark" (ft. Static Major & Ty Dolla $ign) by Drake
9. "That Includes You" by Lontalius
Phone Call Interlude
Cooking Interlude
Roberto Interlude #2
10. "GHOST" (ft. Christian Rich) by Jaden Smith
Roberto Interlude #3
11. "Master Bruce" by smilelilcrybaby
12. "Freeee (Ghost Town, Pt. 2)" (ft. Ty Dolla $ign) by KIDS SEE GHOSTS
Memories Interlude
13. "SISTER (Remix)" by BROCKHAMPTON
14. "ILL BE WAITING" by RAT BOY
Movie Trailer Interlude
Roberto Interlude #4
15. "1999 WILDFIRE" by BROCKHAMPTON
16. "1999 WILDFIRE" by BROCKHAMPTON
17. "1999 WILDFIRE by BROCKHAMPTON
1999 WILDFIRE Freestyle Interlude



Jeff Goldblum Intro
1. "Mystery" by Fabiana Palladino
Shawn Mendes Interlude
2. "Linger" by The Cranberries
Kevin Pool Interlude
3. "Let Me Hold You" (ft. Omarion) by Bow Wow
Celebrate Interlude
4. "BLEACH (Demo)" by BROCKHAMPTON
5. "Suga Suga" by Baby Bash
4th of July Interlude
6. "Goodbye Horses" by Q Lazzarus
Jabari Beach Interlude
7. "Righteous Youths" by Richie Spice
8. "Real Nega" by JPEGMAFIA
9. "Mr. Lucky" by Betty Wright
Shawn Mendes Interlude #2
10. "DEMO #1" by BROCKHAMPTON
11. "Where is My Mind?" by Pixies
Pool Cleaner Advertisement Interlude
12. "Summer Nights" by Lil Rob
Quadron Interlude
13. "LET'S GET MARRIED (Demo)" by BROCKHAMPTON
Bernie Mac Interlude
Dom Interlude
14. "Why Do You Wanna Dance" by Skylar Spence
Surfing Interlude
15. "The Killing Season" by A Tribe Called Quest
16. "somewhere cllose" by Debnever
Jetski Interlude
17. "Take On Me" by ​a-ha
Merlyn Fishtank Interlude
18. "Fear O the Light" by Katie Dey
19. "Motownphilly" by Boyz II Men
20. "Stand Out" by Tevin Campbell
Bottom of the Pool Interlude
21. "Run to You" by Whitney Houston
22. "Throw Some D's" (ft. Polow Da Don) by Rich Boy
23. "Yikes" by Kanye West
Bearface Interlude
24. "Malamente" by ROSALÍA
25. "Lovers and Friends" (ft. Usher & Ludacris) by Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz
Water & Pools Interlude
26. "1998 TRUMAN" by BROCKHAMPTON
27. "1998 TRUMAN" by BROCKHAMPTON
28. "1998 TRUMAN" by BROCKHAMPTON
Kevin Doan Pedicure Interlude
29. "1998 TRUMAN" by BROCKHAMPTON
30. "1998 TRUMAN" by BROCKHAMPTON
31. "1998 TRUMAN" by BROCKHAMPTON



[Intro: Choir]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, go, go away
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, go, go away
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, go, go away
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, go, go away

[Bridge: Childish Gambino & Young Thug]
We just wanna party
Party just for you
We just want the money
Money just for you (yeah)
I know you wanna party
Party just for free
Girl, you got me dancin' (girl, you got me dancin')
Dance and shake the frame (yeah)
We just wanna party (yeah)
Party just for you (yeah)
We just want the money (yeah)
Money just for you (you)
I know you wanna party (yeah)
Party just for free (yeah)
Girl, you got me dancin' (girl, you got me dancin', yeah)
Dance and shake the frame (ooh)

[Chorus: Childish Gambino]
This is America
Don't catch you slippin' now
Don't catch you slippin' now
Look what I'm whippin' now
This is America (woo)
Don't catch you slippin' now
Don't catch you slippin' now
Look what I'm whippin' now

[Verse 1: Childish Gambino, Blocboy JB, Slim Jxmmi, Young Thug & 21 Savage]
This is America (skrrt, skrrt, woo)
Don't catch you slippin' now (ayy)
Look how I'm livin' now
Police be trippin' now (woo)
Yeah, this is America (woo, ayy)
Guns in my area (word, my area)
I got the strap (ayy, ayy)
I gotta carry 'em
Yeah, yeah, I'ma go into this (ugh)
Yeah, yeah, this is guerilla (woo)
Yeah, yeah, I'ma go get the bag
Yeah, yeah, or I'ma get the pad
Yeah, yeah, I'm so cold like, yeah (yeah)
I'm so dope like, yeah (woo)
We gon' blow like, yeah (straight up, uh)

[Refrain: Choir & Childish Gambino]
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, tell somebody
You go tell somebody
Grandma told me
Get your money, Black man (get your— lack man)
Get your money, Black man (get your—Black man)
Get your money, Black man (get your—Black man)
Get your money, Black man (get your—Black man)
Black man

[Chorus: Childish Gambino, Slim Jxmmi & Young Thug]
This is America (woo, ayy)
Don't catch you slippin' now (woo, woo, don't catch you slippin' now)
Don't catch you slippin' now (ayy, woah)
Look what I'm whippin' now (Slime!)
This is America (yeah, yeah)
Don't catch you slippin' now (woah, ayy)
Don't catch you slippin' now (ayy, woo)
Look what I'm whippin' now (ayy)

[Verse 2: Childish Gambino, Quavo, Young Thug & 21 Savage]
Look how I'm geekin' out (hey)
I'm so fitted (I'm so fitted, woo)
I'm on Gucci (I'm on Gucci)
I'm so pretty (yeah, yeah)
I'm gon' get it (ayy, I'm gon' get it)
Watch me move (blaow)
This a celly (ha)
That's a tool (yeah)
On my Kodak (woo, Black)
Ooh, know that (yeah, know that, hold on)
Get it (get it, get it)
Ooh, work it (21)
Hunnid bands, hunnid bands, hunnid bands (hunnid bands)
Contraband, contraband, contraband (contraband)
I got the plug in Oaxaca (woah)
They gonna find you like "blocka" (blaow)

[Refrain: Choir, Childish Gambino, & Young Thug]
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, tell somebody
America, I just checked my following list, and—You go tell somebody—You mothafuckas owe me
Grandma told me
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Black man
(1, 2, 3—get down)
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, tell somebody
You go tell somebody
Grandma told me, "Get your money"
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Get your money, Black man (Black man)
Black man

[Outro: Young Thug]
You just a black man in this world
You just a barcode, ayy
You just a black man in this world
Drivin' expensive foreigns, ayy
You just a big dawg, yeah
I kenneled him in the backyard
No, probably ain't life to a dog
For a big dog



[Chorus]
Didn't notice, but as of late, I think I changed
Not the same since my younger days, so far I came
Feel my pain till I can't complain, cause I'ma slide for a minute
Till I rise in the business, make a billion show, my niggas what up
In this life, middle fingers up I don't fuck with a 95
I keep it true to me, why the fuck would I live a lie?
I'm living in this world, would you care if I live or die?
Are you down, then would you ride for me?
Because this life is so fucked up they telling lies to me
You are my main and as my main you'd better not lie to me
And I would tell you like Geminis there might be sides to me
She not my main bitch, I'ma tell you she's a side to me

[Verse 1]
Like, she assigned to me, but you are designed for me
And if I say I got your back then hold my spine for me
And if I couldn't shed a tear, girl, would you cry for me?
And if we was a couple doves, girl would you fly with me?
I'm overseas, what I oversee, ocean sea, see reflections of the way we supposed to be
Unluckily, we not at peace
That's the end of my clover leaf
Wouldn't care if you know it's me
Keep away until you notice me

[Chorus]
Didn't notice, but as of late, I think I changed
Not the same since my younger days, so far I came
Feel my pain till I can't complain, cause I'ma slide for a minute
Till I rise in the business, make a billion show, my niggas what up
In this life, middle fingers up I don't fuck with a 95
I keep it true to me, why the fuck would I live a lie?
I'm living in this world, would you care if I live or die?
Are you down, then would you ride for me?
Because this life is so fucked up they telling lies to me
You are my main and as my main you better not lie to me
And I would tell you like Geminis there might be sides to me
She not my main bitch, I'ma tell you she's a side to me

[Verse 2]
She told me that I wasn't losing her, that she losing me
L-O-V, -E, we outta gas, I'll see you in a week
Thinking that, you won't fornicate with niggas that you meet
But silly me, now we are the same, Cupid admit defeat
Girl, are you out of your mind? I would think you were mine
You were a part of me, pardon me, parts of me died
Idolized you when I didn’t unite
You won't tell for the moment, but time will tell, but as of now

[Chorus]
You didn't notice, but as of late, I think I changed
Not the same since my younger days, so far I came
Feel my pain till I can't complain, cause I'ma slide for a minute
Till I rise in the business, make a billion show, my niggas what up
In this life, middle fingers up I don't fuck with a 95
I keep it true to me, why the fuck would I live a lie
I'm living in this world, would you care if I live or die
You down, then would you ride for me?
Because this life is so fucked up they telling lies to me
You are my main and as my main you'd better not lie to me
And I would tell you like Geminis there might be sides to me
She not my main bitch, I'ma tell you she's a side to me

[Outro]
Me-e- ayee
She is a side to me
She is a side to me
But you are designed for me-
You're designed for me
But you are designed for me-
You're designed for me



[Verse 1 - Taco]
I tell these bitches to eat my dick
They say no cause that will hurt your dick
I say ok, well I accept this
Get out this shit this ain't no reelection

[Hook]
This nigga ain't funny at all
This nigga dont be at the mall
This nigga ain't funny at all
This nigga dont be at the mall

They say I smell like ham
I say I smell like chicken
They say I smell like ham
I say I smell like chicken
They say I smell like ham
I say I smell like chicken

[Verse 2 — Jasper]
Yeah, Yeah Yo & I’m On Yo Bitch Cause She On My Dick That Bitch Is A Bitch Cause She On My Dick She Bopped My Shit She Slopped My Shit Guess What Nigga She’s A Boppin Bitch Yeah, Yeah She’s A Boppin Bitch Yeah, Yeah She’s A Boppin Bitch

[Hook]

[Verse 3 — Tyler]
I Gotta Bitch Who Be Suckin My Dick Up
And You Already Know I Make That Bitch Mad
Lick Her Pussy With A Mothafuckin Tongue
Nigga Like Wassup Bitches Like HUHHH
The Motherfuckin Ice Around My Neck
Make The Ice Upon My Dick Look Like Its Disrespect-FUL
Bitches On Me Nigga Got Ice Like AY NIGGA

[Hook]

...



[Hook: Denzel Curry & Robb Bank$]
Nigga Klan be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
Nigga we don't take kindly to threats
Bitch S.S. be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
We don't take kindly to threats
Nigga Klan be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
We don't take kindly to threats
Bitch S.S. be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
Nah we don't take kindly to threats

[Verse 1: Denzel Curry]
Slide for the free, kill for the fee
Pull out the stick then I pull out the ski
Put a motherfucker face on a white tee
That's what a nigga get being P.I.E
Sweet, nigga you D.I.E
Sleep, motherfucker that's six feet
Deep, no tender, no love, no care
But a nigga here still gon' creep
T.L.C. put it to ya Lisa Lo' that's a nigga left
Eye, kill a nigga, get ghost, that
Patrick Swayze, come equipped with a vest
I'mma point that shit to your motherfucking neck
K's all in my trunk
So you best to get a chopper
It's nothing but goon action
I ain't talking Waka Flocka
That 2.7.5. goons
Bout' to do a fucking Gank
Bumping Waka Flocka Flame
In a underwater tank
Cause nigga die right now
Bullet or a fucking shank
Niggas always tryna' be
The hardest in the fucking paint

[Verse 2: Yung Simmie]
Never take kind to the threats
I be off for your neck 'for you reach for the TEC, Simmie
Niggas gon' hear me then fear me, feel me?
Whole bunch of green in my Philly, turn up
Whole bunch of niggas if you run up
Tryna' act hard with your gun up, I shoot your son up
Grinding till the sun up, middle finger flashed
That's a one up, I'm a young gutta
Dog I mutter, Curry said cut ‘em with his brudda
Leave them boys wet like water
Off with his neck, posted with the set
I don't take kindly to threats, take kindly to threats
Ratchet for life, I'm hood, tryna' smoke bad but I’m good
Bust a nigga head for the cake
Jumping over gates can't wait
Nine to the face, fuck nigga you ain't safe

[Hook: Denzel Curry & Robb Bank$]
Nigga Klan be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
Nigga we don't take kindly to threats
Bitch S.S. be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
We don't take kindly to threats
Nigga Klan be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
We don't take kindly to threats
Bitch S.S. be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
Nah we don't take kindly to threats

[Verse 3: Robb Bank$]
Savage life nigga
You don't wanna see me live
Pop more than a quarter, so tell that dime piece
"Bitch, don't kill my vibe", man
I know your bitch love me
I know your bitch want me
She let me pillow pet that kitty
When she climb under this Snuggie
Bitch, South Florida
I only smoke mid in Broward
But end the flame of that Magic Dragon
And kill that Charmander, bitch
Gone on you niggas
Two phones on you niggas
Think I made it?
You don't wanna see me ball on you niggas, bitch

[Hook: Denzel Curry & Robb Bank$]
Nigga Klan be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
Nigga we don't take kindly to threats
Bitch S.S. be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
We don't take kindly to threats
Nigga Klan be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
We don't take kindly to threats
Bitch S.S. be the set, we don't take kindly to threats
Nah we don't take kindly to threats



[Intro]
Through the wire
To the wall
All my rhymes is raw
All these beats beats beats beats beats
All of 'em coulda been lost
I always got to floss
I almost paid the cost
So before I go...

[Verse 1]
Every sunset feel righter, sunshines feel brighter
Please light ya lighter for the producer and the writer
Feel like God wrote this, I'm just here to quote this
I don't know if you noticed, them accident pictures is bogus
Doctor, doctor, would you please say somethin'?
I know I almost was the final destination
I musta had a blessin' from Pastor Mason
Cause that trip to L.A. coulda been my last vacation
And, man, I know I can
Drop a down payment on that Porsche Cayenne
But, what, I went along with the plan
Paid for my own video, directed by my man
I know God was holdin' my hand
Wouldn't let me go before I went before Def Poetry Jam
Wouldn't let me throw in the towel 'fore I got to throwin' some vowels
'Bout what we goin' through now
Out the blue girls got a crush on me like I did beats for Mr. Cheeks
And since the accident, they tellin' me that it's the cheeks
But if you look at history, the last rapper that almost died
Sold 6.5 'cept I'm comin' from the Chi

[Hook]
Through the wire
To the wall
All my rhymes is raw
All these beats beats beats beats beats
All of them coulda been lost
I always got to floss
I almost paid the cost
So before I go to sleep sleep sleep
Always thank the Lord
For this mic and my keyboard
Hecky naw that boy is raw

[Verse 2]
Now even though I ain't wired up
We-we-we fired up
You ain't seen my concerts lately, they be linin' up
You ain't seen my girls lately, they be tryin' to cut
And they heard about my girl so I still chill
Cause Monica Lewinsky already killed Bill
And that girl that was with Kobe tried to go for the kill
I think he put it in the wrong Holyfield
Can I take a minute with y'all to be totally real?
Far as my jaw and all, it ain't totally heal
If I would have died, 10/23 of last year
That would have threw a monkey wrench in my whole career
But me, I took the worst thing, turn it into the best thing
I'm from the Chi, I guess it's just a Midwest thing
Times like this make life interesting
Times like this make me count my blessings
Cause you could run around like King of the Chi
But God could take that in a blink of a eye
I remember Cedars-Sinai and all those cryin'
Mama, I'm sorry for almost dyin'
Tell Alwe G and Hip Hop man
Tell Don I'ma John Monopolize the game
Add on Benny Medina, we gon' take 'em to the cleaners
I'm Kanye West, the college dropout slash genius

[Hook]

[Outro]
Now if the Roc is in the building say, "Hell yeah!"
Throw your diamonds in the air
If the Roc is in the building say, "Hell yeah!"
Throw your diamonds in the air
If the Roc is in the building say, "Hell yeah!"
Throw your diamonds in the air
Throw your diamonds in the air
Throw your diamonds in the air
Now keep 'em in the air
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
We outta here
College Dropout



[Intro]
Yo, Gee, they can't stop me from rapping, can they?
Can they, Hop?

[Hook]
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
(I spit it through the wire, man)
For a chance to be with you
I'd gladly risk it all
(There's too much stuff on my heart right now, man)
Through the fire (I'd gladly risk it all right now)
Through whatever, come what may (It's a life-or-death situation, man)
For a chance at loving you (Y'all, y'all don't really understand how I feel right now, man)
I'd take it all the way
(It's your boy Kanye to the... Chi-town, what's goin' on?)
Right down to the wire
Even through the fire

[Verse 1]
I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man berserk
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to wi-zerk
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Telling her her son's on life support?
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane, scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till
She was with me before the deal, she'd been trying to be mine
She a Delta, so she'd been throwing that Dynasty sign
No use in me tryin' to be lyin', I been tryin' to be signed
Tryin' to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines
In the same hospital where B.I.G. and 2pac died
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band
I swear this right here, history in the making, man

[Hook]
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall (I really apologize for everything right now if it's unclear at all, man)
For a chance to be with you (They got my mouth wired shut for like I dunno)
I'd gladly risk it all (The doctor said like six weeks, y'know he had, I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw)
Through the fire
Through whatever, come what may
(I looked in the mirror)
For a chance at loving you
(And half my jaw was in the back of my mouth, man, I couldn't believe it)
I'd take it all the way (But I'm still here for y'all right now, man)
Right down to the wire (This what I got to say right here, dawg)
Even through the fire (Yeah, turn me up, yeah)

[Verse 2]
What if somebody from the Chi' that was ill got a deal
On the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talking about coke and birds
It was more like spoken word
Except he's really putting it down?
And he explained the story about how blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt
You would know how Mase felt
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God, Driver 2 wants to sue
I got a lawyer for the case to keep what's in my safe safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I...
I looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky
All they heard was I was in an accident like GEICO
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must got a angel, ‘cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what, you thought they'd call me Mr. Glass?
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire

[Hook]
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall (Y'know what I'm saying?)
For a chance to be with you (When the doctor told me I had, um, that I was gonna have to have a plate in my chin, I said)
I'd gladly risk it all ("Dawg, don't you realize I'll never make it on a plane now?")
Through the fire ("It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on!")
Through whatever, come what may
For a chance at loving you (She can't be serious, man)
I'd take it all the way
Right down to the wire
Even through the fire

[Outro: Elton John]
I'm still standing better than I ever did
Looking like a true survivor, feeling like a little kid
I'm still standing after all this time
Picking up the pieces of my life without you on my mind
I'm still standing, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm still standing, yeah, yeah, yeah



[Produced by Ken Ross and Saba]

[Intro/Outro]
All these niggas know
Since a shorty I've been showin' how I'm different
All these niggas know
Ni-ni-ni- Niggas know h-how I'm different

[Hook]
Who do you wanna be like?
Who do you picture me like?
What will I be when I grow up?
Cause I never wanted to be like them
These niggas never seen me shine nah
And I'm sorry for the me time ya'll
I just had to get my mind right
So now we can move on right

[Verse 1]
First things first realest niggas move in silence
I been quiet, I'm a cotton picker pioneer my mommy had a bias
To a pint of hen apologies, y'all ain't hear
Y'all ain't near and dear to me like William and Hillary
My will will read everything to y'all
And I ain't even dying still it's everything to y'all
Take my heart, take the loss of your brother
To the court system order in it, order y'all to yada yada shut the fuck up (would ya)

[Pre-Chorus]
I've been on Adderall too long cause it's feelin' like the same day
Hourglass, sand will pass, that look like the same grain
What's your timezone, is your time gone without living?

[Hook]
Who do you wanna be like?
Who do you picture me like?
What will I be when I grow up?
Cause I never wanted to be like them
These niggas never seen me shine nah
And I'm sorry for the me time ya'll
I just had to get my mind right
So now we can move on right

[Verse 2]
All the kids I graduated with waiting for my major hit
Disregard my shows until I main event
Till I stadium I'mma stay working Stayin' in
Fuck Imma go out for? fuck if you ain't 'bout yours
I just popped a pill, feel invincible
Feelin' like the motherfuckin' GOAT and I'm about to milk the game
Like I'm Game in 05, till it's dry I'm alive
And I know it make it bleed, if I wrote it, I been on it nigga

[Pre-Chorus]
I've been on Adderall too long cause it's feelin' like the same day
Hourglass, sand will pass, that look like the same grain
What's your timezone, is your time gone without living?

[Hook]
Who do you wanna be like?
Who do you picture me like?
What will I be when I grow up?
Cause I never wanted to be like them
These niggas never seen me shine nah
And I'm sorry for the me time ya'll
I just had to get my mind right
So now we can move on right

[Intro/Outro]
All these niggas know
Since a shorty I've been showin' how I'm different
All these niggas know
Ni-ni-ni- Niggas know h-how I'm different



(Check, check, yeah, one-two, ah, yeah, yeah, check, yeah, yeah)

Only your corollaries know y'all
Unique snowflakes in ordinary snowballs
And you can find me in the place sipping what's to sip
Between shrooms and touring I'm sure to take a bunch of trips
And fuck that one guy who’s screen name was "thunderlips"
Pelt him with a bag full of mesquite flavored Kruncher chips
Yeah, I'm bout to raise my vibration up
See me, say hi, wave, try to say what's up
It's all good in the hood, I think
I listened to the Kinks and my fridge don't stink
Ah, yeah
So today’s a pretty good day
Doing what I'm supposed to do and saying what I should say
Hooray, I'm not feeling bad like I could be
Or regretting that I didn't grow my hair like Touré’s
Yeah, I wanna show up in the search results
Purchase Volkswagens then cake up and purchase coats
Them little thin ones is worthless folks
And I'm sad I never got to see or tweet Mr. Perfect posts
Yeah, It's all white meat and baby fat
Been woke so long I might need to take a nap
And I'm likely afraid of that
Imma swipe me a high speed data map
Or I might be a five speed beta max
Cassette tape
Show me your best resting death face
Show me everything except whoever makes the best vapes
Yeah, couldn't even pretend to give a freak
Submit this whole verse as an op-ed to Businessweek
I wrote a letter to the editor
I don't know if Death Certificate’s better than The Predator
Veteran cheddar getters know how to do it togetherer
And that's why they make stuff foreverer and everer
Yeah, and everybody mama know the song
But they still won't let a brother dip a toe in Lake Woebegone
Yeah, And if you're stuck in a traffic jam
Just add me on the snapstagram

This was brought to you by shit that I don't own
Yeah, add me on shit, yeah

If you was rich and about to be broke I can coach you
'Cause I can show you how to kill a roach with a boat shoe
Might have to sell the dining room table though
And pay to go HAM on some second-hand baby clothes
And cut the cable, bro, gamble on wireless
My sister sells jailbroken Amazon Fire sticks
Need somewhere to bark start with local governments
Spar with Republicans, the stars won't be punishing
You, fool, your phone’s the new ark of the covenant
And God spoke to you in a bar called Mulligans
If there was justice all men would have to die, patricide
Tweet at the void and heart the at replies
And don't cry if you can't find me
I built a time machine to go and hide in the Nineties
No friends I only want giants beside me
To get close you gotta be the size of a pine tree
My supervillain name would be Ultra Hater
I’d act really cool then insult you later
Here’s something you should know from the ground floor
As far as rappers none of us as cool as we sound, bro
And dog I'm fatigued
The world’s moving all different speeds
This song’s too long didn't read



[Intro]
Uh, yeah
Uh, uh

[Refrain]
Hopped off the Amistad and made "I'm A God"
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
See, I say what they say when the mic is off

[Verse 1]
Parents are the strippers, strip kids of they confidence
Teach white dominance, question your common sense
See, I've been washed in tradition and I'ma rinse

[Refrain]
Hopped off the Amistad and made "I'm A God"
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
See, I say what they say when the mic is off



[Verse 1: Joba]
Too many things I'd rather do different
Woke up in a cold sweat, my emotions creepin'
Three o'clock on the weekend, might as well sleep in
Stay down for the count when, she hit me with the "what-ifs?"
And the "what-whens?" and the "what-thens?"
Wonder where my life went, living in the moment
I been thinking 'bout my time spent, are the bills paid?
Is it make or break? Will I find a way?
Are my feelings changed? Will I be okay?
I don’t know, but what I do know is, life don't make sense
If you can't pay rent, so I place my bet

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
What got you shook on this Saturday?
I take my L and I hold my place
I split my L and I go away
You left a spell on my Saturday
What got you shook on this Saturday?
I take my L and I hold my place
I split my L and I go away
You left a spell on my Saturday

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann]
I got cracks in my phone screen
The past fuck with my psyche
Smoke weed and get high, please
Went to school in The Woodlands
And that made niggas wanna fight me
So I don't take threats lightly
Tell them niggas come and find me
Got his head in my eye view
New house off iTunes
New money, my perfume
Big smile, in a good mood
I been running outta issues
I ain't trippin' when the rent due
I ain't runnin' with a pistol
I ain't locked in the system
Taking care of my kinfolk

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
Taking a book out the page of the graves
I'm only human and I make mistakes
Chisel my flows so they can't liberate
Talkin' the time as the pendulum sways
I gotta face what I didn't create
Just 'cause I can't relate, I don't debate
I educate, illuminate
Or we can't duplicate, no more moving the plates
Second chances feeling overrated
Unappreciated so I bossed up
Missed the time when we could share space
But it'll all be straight the day we cross up
Nothing better than some time with you
Because it's time I never wanna toss up
Lose myself inside of you, you find yourself in me
I don't wanna be cautious

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
What got you shook on this Saturday?
I take my L and I hold my place
I split my L and I go away
You left a spell on my Saturday
What got you shook on this Saturday?
I take my L and I hold my place
I split my L and I go away
You left a spell on my Saturday

[Outro: Joba]
What got you shook?
What got you shook?
What got you shook?
What got you shook?



[Intro]
“Street Science, you’re on the air. What do you feel when you hear a record like 2Pac’s new one?”
“I love 2Pac’s new record.”
“Right, but don’t you feel like that creates tension between East and West? I mean, he’s talking about killing people, ‘I had sex with your wife’ — and not in those words. But he’s talking about, ‘I wanna see you deceased’…"

[Intro: 2Pac]
To live and die in L.A., California
What you say about Los Angeles?
Still the only place for me
It never rains in Southern California

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
To live and die in L.A.
Where everyday we try to fatten our pockets
Us niggas hustle for the cash, so it's hard to knock it
Everybody got they own thing, currency chasin'
Worldwide through the hard times, worrying faces
Shed tears as we bury niggas close to heart
Who was a friend is now a ghost in the dark
Cold-hearted 'bout it, nigga got smoked by a fiend
Tryin' to floss on him, blind to a broken man's dream
A hard lesson, court cases keep me guessin'
Plea bargain ain't an option now, so I'm stressin'
Cost me more to be free than a life in the pen
Makin' money off of cuss words, writin' again
Learn how to think ahead, so I fight with my pen
Late night down sunset, likin' the scene
What's the worst they could do to a nigga?
Got me lost in Hell, to live and die in L.A. on bail

[Hook: Val Young & 2Pac]
My angel sing
To live and die in L.A., it's the place to be
And the angels go
You've got to be there to know it
When everybody wanna see
To live and die in L.A.
To live and die in L.A., it's the place to be
You've got to be there to know it
When everybody wanna see

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
It's the city of angels and constant danger
South Central L.A. can't get no stranger
Full of drama, like a soap opera, on the curb
Watchin' the ghetto bird helicopters, I observe
So many niggas gettin' three strikes, tossed in jail
I swear, the pen right across from hell
I can't cry, ‘cause it's on now
I'm just a nigga on his own now
Livin' life thug style, so I can't smile
Writing to my peoples when they ask for pictures
Thinkin' Cali just fun and bitches
Better learn about the dress code, B's and C's
All them other niggas copycats, these is G's
I love Cali like I love women
‘Cause every nigga in L.A. got a little bit of thug in him
We might fight amongst each other
But I promise you this: we'll burn this bitch down
Get us pissed, to live and die in L.A

[Hook: Val Young & 2Pac]
My angel sing
To live and die in L.A., it's the place to be
And the angels go
You've got to be there to know it
When everybody wanna see
To live and die in L.A.
To live and die in L.A., it's the place to be
You've got to be there to know it
When everybody wanna see

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
It wouldn't be L.A. without Mexicans
Black love, brown pride, and the sets again
Pete Wilson tryin' to see us all broke
I'm on some bullshit out for everything they owe
Remember K-day? Weekends, Crenshaw, MLK?
Automatics rang free, niggas lost they way
Gang signs being shown, nigga, love your hood
But recognize and it's all good
Where the weed at? Niggas gettin' shermed out
Snoop Dogg in this mothafucka permed out
M.O.B., Big Suge in the Lo-Lo, bounce and turn
Dogg Pound in the Lex with a ounce to burn
Got them Watts niggas with me, O.F.T.B.
They got some hash, took the stash, left the rest for me
Neckbone, Tray, Heron, Big Buntry too
Big Rock got knocked, but this one's for you
I hit the studio and drop a jewel, hopin' it pay
Gettin' high, watchin' time fly; to live and die in L.A

[Hook: Val Young & 2Pac]
To live and die in L.A., it's the place to be
Let my angel sing
You've got to be there to know it
When everybody wanna see
And my angels go
To live and die in L.A., it's the place to be
To live and die in L.A.
You've got to be there to know it
When everybody wanna see
Let my angel sing

[Outro: 2Pac]
This go out for 92.3, and 106
All the radio stations that be bumpin' my shit
Makin' my shit sells katruple quitraple platinum
(To live and die in L.A., mhmmm)
This go out to all the magazines that support a nigga
All the real motherfuckers
(To live and die in L.A., mhmmm)
All the stores, the mom and pop spots
A&R people, all y'all mothafuckers
(To live and die in L.A., mhmmm)
L.A., "California Love" part mothafuckin' two
Without gay ass Dre
(To live and die in L.A., mhmmm)



[Intro]
Clap for a nigga with his rapping ass
Blow a stack for your niggas with your trapping ass

[Hook]
Tom Ford, Tom Ford, Tom Ford

[Bridge]
Coming up, coming down
Riding clean fix your hair in my Crown
Bad bitch, H town
Keep it trill, y'all know y'all can't fuck around

[Verse 1]
Paris where we been, pard' my Parisian
It's Hov time in no time, it's fuck-all-y'all season
Piss Bordeaux and Burgundies, flush out a Riesling
When Hov's out, them hoes out, y'all put y'all weaves in, and
Clap for a nigga with his rapping ass
Blow a stack for your niggas with your trapping ass
Spent all my euros on tuxes and weird clothes
I party with weirdos, yeah Hov, yeah Hov

[Hook]
I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford
International bring back the Concorde
Numbers don't lie, check the scoreboard

Tom Ford, Tom Ford, Tom Ford

[Verse 2]
Hands down got the best flow, sound I'm so special
Sound boy burial, this my Wayne Perry flow
Y'all know nothing 'bout Wayne Perry though
District of Columbia, guns on y'all Tumblrs
Fuck hashtags and retweets, nigga
140 characters in these streets, nigga
Pardon my laughing, y'all only flagging on beats, nigga
Pardon my laughing, I happen to think you sweet

[Hook]
I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford
International bring back the Concorde
Numbers don't lie, check the scoreboard

Tom Ford, Tom Ford, Tom Ford

[Interlude]
Oh, man, so throwed

[Bridge]

[Outro]
Hold up (I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford)



[Intro: bearface]
And mother, I am sorry, I never pick up, mm-hmm
Because I'm afraid to disappoint ooh, ooh-ah, ooh, no

[Chorus: serpentwithfeet]
Hey, and I've been feelin' like I don't matter how I used to
Hey, and I've been feelin' like I don't matter how I used to

[Verse 1: bearface]
We were sat outside on the Harvard floor
With our feet in dirt, and our hearts in awe
I be losin' sleep thinkin' 'bout missed calls
And I see the names circling our thoughts
And I think about if we lose it all
And I turn to shit that you'd never want
Like the smoke, the drink, anything at all
And I'll say again, "Sorry I don't call"
There's no money on my mind
But my money or my mind
What's the first to fall?
I never wanted this shit, yeah

[Chorus: serpentwithfeet]
Hey, and I've been feelin' like I don't matter how I used to
Hey, and I've been feelin' like I don't matter how I used to

[Verse 2: Kevin Abstract]
Sometimes it be so spot on it hurts
Like when Auntie couldn't decide
Between going to work or church
I've been in my feelings on an island in the dirt
I feel like brothers lie just so my feelings don't get hurt
I said, I'll try vacation, I'll try to run away
I deleted Facebook, I'll trade fame any day
For a quiet Texas place and a barbecue plate
I'll switch my place if that's good for you, is that good for you?
My ghost still haunt you, my life is I, Tonya
A big-eyed monster, only face to conquer
I hated songs about fame 'cause that stuff meant nothin'
Until them headlines came, then first flight I'm stuck in

[Bridge: Joba]
And maybe it means nothing
But I have to say I think about you often
And if you want no part with me
I'll walk away, I know that I have wronged ya
And maybe it means nothing
But I have to say I think about you often
And if you want no part with me
I'll walk away, I know that I have wronged ya

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
I took a plane to somewhere that I've never been
Too many times without my sister and my brother
Dad or mother by my side but they're in spirit
I always hear it, I know they feel it
My mom will always have these dreams that used to keep her up at night
I smoke to keep them all away and make use of the time
I'm void of feelin'
The reasons I'm so out of touch now start revealin'
But I'm not ashamed, I'm not afraid of who I am
Or how I trust my mental, yeah, it's not perfect
But I guess that's just the shit I'm into
I fantasize about a time when everything was simple
My shelter sheltered me from things I needed to commit to
The way it stands to me
A victim of Stockholm in my friendships and family

[Verse 4: Merlyn Wood]
What's costin' you time? What's the reason that you whine?
What's in your wallet? Dead whites in mine
So sour, in this light of lime
Daddy said "Study or get that cash"
Mommy said "Your career ain't gon' last"
Loose change, call a cab, move out their pad
I just need a chance to move past my past
Don't think too fast, private jets still crash
And I'll still fly coach, and I'll still hit a roach
And I'll still see roaches at the crib where my folks at
Touch your dreams 'fore you touch me and provoke a man
(Somebody gonna have to tell the truth and I'm gonna tell it!)

[Outro:  serpentwithfeet & Matt Champion]
I will, I will, (I don't matter) I will (ahhh!)
Can I tell you now?
Can I tell you now?
I will



[Produced by Nineteen85 and Sampha]

[Hook: Sampha]
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
There's no need for us to rush it through
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
This is more than just a new lust for you
(Oohh, don't think about..)

[Verse 1: Drake]
Done sayin' I'm done playin'
Last time was on the outro
Stuck in the house, need to get out more
I've been stackin' up like I'm fundraising
Most people in my position get complacent
Wanna come places with star girls, and they end  up on them front pages
I'm quiet with it, I just ride with it
Moment I stop having fun with it, I'll be done with it
I'm the only one that's putting shots up
And like a potluck, you need to come with it
Don't run from it, like H-Town in the summertime, I keep it 100
Met a lot of girls in my times there, word to Paul Wall, not one fronted
I was birthed there in my first year, man I know that place like I come from it
Backstage at Warehouse in '09 like "Is Bun coming?
Fuck that, is anyone comin' 'fore I show up there and there's no one there?"
These days, I could probably pack it for like twenty nights if I go in there
Back rub from my main thing, I've been stressed out
Talkin' to her like back then they didn't want me, I'm blessed now
Talkin' to her like this drop, bet a million copies get pressed out
She tell me, "Take a deep breath, you're too worried about being the best out"

[Hook: Sampha]
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
There's no need for us to rush it through
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
This is more than just a new lust for you
(Oohh, don't think about..)

[Verse 2: Drake]
Someone go tell Noel to get the Backwoods
Money got my whole family going backwards
No dinners, no holidays, no nothin'
There's issues at hand that we're not discussin'
I did not sign up for this
My uncle used to have all these things on his bucket list
And now he's actin' like, "Oh, well, this is life, I guess," Nah, fuck that shit
Listen man, you can still do what you wanna do, you gotta trust that shit
Heard once that in dire times when you need a sign, that's when they appear
Guess since my text message didn't resonate, I'll just say it here
Hate the fact my mom cooped up in her apartment, telling herself
That she's too sick to get dressed up and go do shit, like that's true shit
And all my family from the M-Town that I've been 'round, started treating me like I'm "him" now
Like we don't know each other, we ain't grow together, we just friends now
Shit got me feeling pinned down, pick the pen up or put the pen down
I'm writing to you from a distance like a pen pal, but we've been down

[Hook: Sampha]
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
There's no need for us to rush it through
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
This is more than just a new lust for you
Ohhh, don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
There's no need for us to rush it through, ohhh
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
This is more than just a new lust for you, ohhh,ohhh
(Don't do that..)

[Outro: Sampha]
Don't give up, on your hopes
And you tell me somethin's gone wrong
Wholehearted, wholehearted, you care, you care
Cause I'm such a dreamer, a believer in a sense
Well if it's all a dream
Then I'm on fire, feels like, I'm on fire
Tell me when I'm lyin', tell me when I'm tryin'



[Intro: R. Kelly]
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
To the world, I made up in my mind (ohhhh)
I'm doin' things my way, I'm burnin' shit down tonight
I'm doin' things my way (ohhhh)
It's my way or the highway, let me say it one more time
Middle fingers up to the world, to the world
To the wor-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-orld
To the world, to the world
To the wor-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-orld
Let me see you put your middle fingers up!
Middle fingers up!

[Verse 1: R. Kelly]
(Motherfucker) Deuces minus one
Middle finger to the sky tonight (Ay, ay, ay)
The whole world is a couch
Bitch I'm Rick James tonight (I don't give a fuck)
Throw it up (ay) throw it up (ay) cause you can't take it with you
Funny how they wait 'til you gone just to miss you
To the world (ay) to the world (ay) then I'm on my Sinatra
I'm doing it my way, let's take it a notch up
Take it u-u-u-up

[Hook: R. Kelly]
Let me see you put your middle fingers up!
To the world, I made up in my mind (ohhhh)
Doing things my way, I'm burning shit down tonight
I'm doing things my way (ohhhh)
It's my way or the highway, let me say it one more time
Middle fingers up to the world, to the world
To the wor-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-orld

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Mmm ain't this some shit? Pulled up in the A-V-entador
And the doors, raise up, like praise the Lord
Did the fashion show, and a tour, and a movie, and a score
This a ghetto opera, Francis Foreign Car Coppola
I need a new crib to hold my plaques, Rick Ross had told me that
Said I'd be all up in Goldman Sachs like, "These niggas tryna hold me back
These niggas tryna hold me back", I'm just trying to protect my stacks
Mitt Romney don't pay no tax, Mitt Romney don't pay no tax
Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back, Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back
Only nigga in Beverly Hills, where the hell is Axel Foley at?
"Ease up there, baby boy": Ving Rhames told Jody that
R. Kelly and the God of rap, shitting on you, holy crap

[Hook: R. Kelly]
Let me see you put your middle fingers up!
To the world, to the world
To the wor-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-orld
To the world, to the world
To the wor-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-or-orld
Let me see you put your middle fingers up!

[Outro: Teyana Taylor]
I could give it all up, but it's not enough
Ay ay, here you go, my middle finger
To the world, to the world, from the ground to the moon
Hills to the mountains, yeah, hands to the roof
Give it up, give it up, won't let you deny me
Makin' you love me, makin' you love me



[Intro]
Left Brain, Wolf Haley
Golf Wang, Free Earl, uh

[Verse 1]
Goddamn I love women
Daydream about penis being in 'em
Meet them with a big grin with a Mac-10
Rope, katana, and then I skin 'em
All beige suit made out of white women
With the red lipstick, dancing to John Lennon
With the red splattered jeans made out of blue denim
They can catch me in the spot where the sun don’t shine
Bitch don’t mind me, shake your hiney
The only motherfucking Wolf here that spit venom
You’re a bad bitch with a real good kitten
And I got the appetite of them fat black women
Wolf Gang in this bitch with a bunch of rats with 'em
Lookin' like the holocaust with Supreme hats with 'em
I am tryna get Miss Piggy by the motherfucking hairs of her chinny chin chin
Umm, what’s that? The cock of a black dude
Mad cause his daughter got the swag of a vacuum (aww, fuck it)
I’ll take her to the back room dungeon, fighting and punching
And now the slut is under the fucking assumption
That I will be fucking and munching her muffin
Cunt will be bleeding, but that’s not from the time signature of the month, umm

[Hook]
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula’s dick

[Verse 2]
Goddamn I love bitches
Especially when they only suck dick and wash dishes
Cook and clean and grant my wishes
And make me and the Wolf Gang sandwitches
Transylvania crypt let's take a, tour
Bitch try getting through that black trap, door
Keep yelling and working them vocal chords
And that’ll be more of a reason that you'll get slapped up, for
Is that Ford trunk's comfy? (Fuck you!)
Fuck me? No, fuck Buffy
That little bitch keeps trying to hunt me
Jumping over gates, what the fuck she want from me?
She keeps sending me garlic
How many times I gotta tell her I’m allergic
(I like your cape) Oh this Bathing Ape cape?
Bitch, I got it for a bargain at the neighborhood Target
Fangs are sharp and I hope you know
That all I really want from you is that throat
I can’t eat pussy cause I might leave cuts
Then there’s blood on my sheets, but that might be a plus
On the channel, a fucking animal, leaking like pairs of candles
Bitch, is it hard to handle?
I don’t want a bride, I just want bone marrow

[Hook]
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula’s dick

[Outro]
Bite her in her fucking neck, bite her in her fucking neck
Bottom of the fucking lake, bottom of the fucking lake
Call my gang of wolves and bats, call my gang of wolves and bats
It’s a full moon tonight, and these hoes ain’t acting right
It’s because I’m Dracula bitch, (swag, swag, swag)
It's because; Left Brain, Wolf Haley, Free Earl, Golf Wang...



[Verse 1: Open Mike Eagle]
Buy seven, get the eighth one free though
They overcompensating, rolling quarters into Speedos
They make you sell tickets to a play
To rock a show that's happening a whole 'nother day
Your frozen yogurt is a lie
Machines full of unused boba in disguise
It's all a big sports debate show
They make them choose opposite stances, this shit is fake, bro
They mark up as a miracle
A thousand-dollar price tag, six-dollar materials
Madea movie on the tube
And I'm sorry to inform you the grandmother is a dude
Yeah, they like to say that we're post-race
So they can give us MGK and take Ghostface
At the supermarket, shit annoys me
I'm still tripping, how they getting milk from a soy bean

[Chorus: Open Mike Eagle]
Trickeration (it's a trick) [x8]
Trickeration (so slow in the head)
Trickeration (so easy to trick) [x4]

[Verse 2: MC Paul Barman]
One foot in the Rockaways, one foot in the Upper West
People in shock today, even after supper rest
Rubberneckers see washed-up boardwalks and gravlax
The hyphen in "have-not" is a knife in the padlock
Keep receipts for price-gauge tax return
Shacks and earn, give your taciturn ass a turn
Nuance... needs are the new wants
You still clip coupons if your orbit's the Forbes list
Somewhere out there are trillionaires who abhor it
They don't stroke their double-chin billy-goat hair
They don't stand out nor act like they really don't care
Feels good to agree with me as you chill in your chair
Stalwarts in all sorts, their serves in our ball courts
Push over tennis wall, when it falls transforms to small forts
Now let's rest for a full note
This text is just filler, the best is the pull quote

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Milo]
(You're fucking with my head Michael!)
Twist your cool-ass mustache
But pretty soon you'll realise Riff Raff is just a cheap gag
I'd rather receive a left hook from Seth Brooks' dad
I think his last name is Binzer, Hamato Yoshi is Master Splinter
But you should already know that. This is absolutely one crazy town
And I get along fine for another lazy hound
Like the waitress lazily recites the side dishes for the night (Yuck)
My dude, I don't want none of these
Wearing purple robes like my name is Empedocles
And I'm hella suspicious
Reading everything on Twitter when I should mind my own business
Indeed, that's how they swindle and rob you
Seeing the next man has a Kindle and think "so should I, too"
Standing on the highest tower in Hyrule
The black Power Ranger waves down, "hi fools"
Ayo, this culture is mad dubious
When it comes to collecting rupees, I'm the poopiest
And when it comes to adult modelling, I'm the nudiest
Surf my pay-to-play website where I parade around in fabric skintight
They'll convince you that you do wrong
I tricked you like the dude at the end of the MF DOOM song
"Yo yo yo, y'all can't stand right here
In his right hand was your man's worst nightmare
Loud enough to burst his right eardrum close range
The game is not only dangerous but it's most strange"



[Produced by RZA] / [Directed by Brett Ratner]

[Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
What? Y'all thought y'all wasn't gonna see me?
I'm the Osiris of this shit
Wu-Tang is here forever, motherfuckers
This like, this '97
Aight my niggas and my niggarettes
Let's do it like this
I'ma rub your ass in the moonshine
Let's take it back to '79

[Verse 1: Inspectah Deck]
I bomb atomically, Socrates' philosophies and hypotheses
Can't define how I be dropping these mockeries
Lyrically perform armed robbery
Flee with the lottery, possibly they spotted me
Battle-scarred Shogun, explosion when my pen hits tremendous
Ultraviolet shine blind forensics
I inspect you through the future see millennium
Killa Beez sold fifty gold, sixty platinum
Shackling the masses with drastic rap tactics
Graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths
Black Wu jackets, Queen Beez ease the guns in
Rumble with patrolmen, tear gas laced the function
Heads by the score take flight incite a war
Chicks hit the floor, die hard fans demand more
Behold the bold soldier, control the globe slowly
Proceeds to blow, swinging swords like Shinobi
Stomp grounds and pound footprints in solid rock
Wu got it locked, performing live on your hottest block

[Verse 2: Method Man]
As the world turns, I spread like germ
Bless the globe with the pestilence, the hard-headed never learn
This my testament to those burned
Play my position in the game of life standing firm
On foreign land jump the gun out the frying pan
Into the fire, transform into the Ghost Rider
A six-pack and A Streetcar Named Desire
Who got my back
In the line of fire holding back?
What? My peoples if you with me, where the fuck you at?
Niggas is strapped and they're tryna twist my beer cap
It's court adjourned for the bad seed from bad sperm
Herb got my wig fried like a bad perm
What the blood clot? We smoke pot
And blow spots, you want to think twice? I think not
The Iron Lung ain't got to tell you where it's coming from
Guns of Navarone tearing up your battle zone
Rip through your slums

[Verse 3: Cappadonna]
I twist darts from the heart, tried and true
Loop my voice on the LP
Martini on the slang rocks, certified chatterbox
Vocabulary 'Donna talking, tell your story walking
Take cover kid, what? Run for your brother, kid
Run for your team and your "six can't rhyme" groupies
So I can squeeze with the advantage and get wasted
My deadly notes reign supreme, your thought is basic compared to mine
Domino effect, arts and crafts, paragraphs contain cyanide
Take a free ride on my thought
I got the fashion catalogs for all y'all to all praise due to God

[Interlude: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
The saga continues
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang

[Verse 4: U-God]
Olympic torch flaming, we burn so sweet
The thrill of victory, the agony of defeat
We crush slow, flaming deluxe slow for
Judgment Day cometh, conquer, it's war
Allow us to escape Hell, globe spinning bomb
Pocket full of shells out the sky Golden Arms
Tunes spit the shitty Mortal Kombat sound
The fake false step make the blood stain the ground
A jungle junkie, vigilante tantrum
A death kiss catwalk, squeeze another anthem
Hold it for ransom, tranquilized with anaesthesias
My orchestra, graceful, music ballerinas
My music Sicily, rich California smell
An axe kill adventure, paint a picture well
I sing a song from Sing-Sing, sipping on ginseng
Righteous wax chaperon, rotating ring kings

[Verse 5: RZA]
March of the wooden soldiers, C-Cypher-Punks couldn't hold us
A thousand men rushing in, not one nigga was sober
Perpendicular to the square we stay in gold like Flair
Escape from your dragon's lair
In particular my beats travel like a vortex
Through your spine to the top of your cerebral cortex
Make you feel like you bust a nut from raw sex
Enter through your right ventricle clog up your bloodstream
Heart terminal like Grand Central Station
Program fat basslines on Novation
Getting drunk like I'm fucking ducking five-year probation

[Verse 6: GZA]
War of the masses, the outcome disastrous
Many of the victim families save their ashes
A million names on walls, engraved in plaques
Those who went back received penalties for the acts
Another heart is torn as close ones mourn
Those who stray, niggas get slayed on the song

[Verse 7: Masta Killa]
The track renders helpless and suffers from multiple stab wounds
And leaks sounds that's heard
93 million miles away from
Came one to represent the Nation
This is a gathering of the masses
That come to pay respects to the Wu-Tang Clan
As we engage in battle, the crowd now screams in rage
The high chief Jamel Irief takes the stage
Light is provided through sparks of energy
From the mind that travels in rhyme form
Giving sight to the blind
The dumb are mostly intrigued by the drum
Death only one can save self from
This relentless attack of the track spares none

[Verse 8: Ghostface Killah]
Yo yo yo, fuck that, look at all these crab niggas laid back
Lamping like them gray and black Puma's on my man's rack
Codeine was forced in your drink
You had a navy green salamander fiend, bitches overheard you scream
You two-faces, scum of the slum, I got your whole body numb
Blowing like Shalamar in '81
Sound convincing, thousand dollar cork-pop convention
Hands like Sonny Liston, get fly permission
Hold the fuck up, I'll unfasten your wig, bad luck
I humiliate, separate the English from the Dutch
It's me, black Noble Drew Ali, came in threes
We like the Genovese, sazon season these degrees
It's Earth, 93 million miles from the first
Rough turbulence, the wave burst, split the megahertz

[Verse 9: Raekwon]
Aiyo that's amazing, gun in your mouth talk, verbal foul hawk
Connect thoughts to make my man child walk
Swift notarizer, Blue-Tang, all up in the high-riser
New York Yank visor, word tranquilizer
Adjust the dosage, delegate my Clan with explosives
While my pen blow lines ferocious
Mediterranean, see y'all, the number one draft pick
Tear down the beat God then delegate the God to see God
The swift chancellor, Lex, the white gold tarantula
Track truck diesel, play the weed God substantiala
Max mostly, undivided then slide in sickening
Guaranteed made 'em jump like Rod Strickland



[Verse 1: Pusha T]
It's the blackout, 'Rari got the back out
Showing my black ass, engine in the glass house
Started in the crack house, Obama went the back route
Kill bin Laden, 'nother four up in the black house
Still got the Macs out, pull the mask down like a mascot
Still trick with bitches, out with money or with ass shots
GOOD had room for one more, I took the last spot
Re-Up Gang, P the nigga, 'Ye done hit the jackpot
Whole 'nother level, then you add fame
That's a whole 'nother devil, legit drug dealer
That's a whole 'nother bezel, the carbon Audemar
That's a whole 'nother metal, but still keep it ghetto
Behind the scenes, pull strings like Gepetto
The gun blow steam, whistle like a tea kettle
Runnin' like the rebels, UNLV
Sport shoe on a pedal, I let you niggas settle

[Hook: Pusha T]
Trouble on my mind
I got trouble on my mind
Trouble on my mind
So much trouble on my mind
Trouble on my mind
I got trouble on my mind
Trouble on my mind
So much trouble on my mind

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Pharrell said "get 'em", so I got 'em
Tripped on Bristol Palin then I accidentally shot 'em
Then it ricocheted and killed the game, I'm a problem
Cause I wanna fuck the world but not a fan of using condoms
Pardon my French, I'm going hard as my dick
When I envision my tip on the crust of bitch lips
Mr. Lipschitz has been trippin'
Since I mentioned Reptar triceratops dinosaur dick
I feel it in my gut to kill these muthafucks
Is a must, like the arm of my pits
You niggas coming shorter than a Bushwick Billy costume
On sale during Christmas in Philly
Um, well, not really, it's getting kinda chilly
Let's hit a couple bars and give some bitches wet willies
Soaked, getting jiggy with it in Bel-Air's richest
With a bag of pills, couple berries and a biscuit

[Hook: Pusha T]
Trouble on my mind
I got trouble on my mind
Trouble on my mind
So much trouble on my mind

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
I'm a fucking walking paradox
And a really shitty rapper in my favorite pair of socks
Ironed pair of dockers, two Glocks cocked screamin', "West side!"
With the speakers blastin' a pair of Pacs
Yonkers 10 milli, you're silly
Thinkin' that this 'preme wasn't free, willy
The feeling is neutral, the gang is youthful
And fuckin' tighter than Chad Hugo's pupils, it's Wolf Gang and the

[Verse 4: Pusha T]
With the Re-Up's a helluva buzz
Rick James said cocaine's a helluva drug
Who else could put the hipsters with felons and thugs
And paint a perfect picture of what sellin' it does?
This is for the critics, who doubted the chemistry
Two different worlds, same symmetry
And this black art, see the wizardry when you at the top
Of your game, you make enemies, you'll never finish me

[Hook: Pusha T]
Trouble on my mind
I got trouble on my mind
Trouble on my mind
So much trouble on my mind



[Intro: Action Bronson]
Am I rapping or what?
I can't hear the headphones yeah
Turn me up in the headphones
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Ok, alright

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Jump tumble
Front flips off the roof like a stunt double
My shorty doing kegels for her cunt muscle
Keep her shaped up
The M3 all green fly like a strange duck
My dad was right when he said I was a deranged fuck
Now every meal is calamari and boudin blanc
Saddam Hussein guns
Held by nuns who do drugs while beige hard bottoms slide on the new rug
Pinky up
The joint thicker than Pinky's butt
Just as stinky
Nick Van Exel with the handle, Helsinki
Eggs Rothko
The handmade suit cloth hang out the sports coat
Twenty three and a half feet on the sports boat
Brown vest made of suede on my torso
Close my eyes, inhale deep, sail free
Blind fury, hoppin' out the braille jeep
Serve me snails to eat
No ham and cheese
I'm tanning
The 540i, color salmon
Smoke a cannon
Push the seat back
Put your feet up
Roll my weed up

[Bridge]
Why's it feel like my life is moving fast, yo?
Get your own, don't worry about my cash flow
I need a chick to hide the hammer in her asshole
I need that first class dough(x2)


[Verse 2: Big Body Bes]
It's me Big Body
Who the fuck else?
You gotta pardon my absence man
I just came back off of vacay man
Just spent the whole fucking weekend up in Orchard Beach
Living the fucking life
I was out there Wildin
Had your moms on the motherfucking boogie board
Doing all types of stunts
But now I'm back though
Ain't shit changed
Just came back, check my motherfucking emails
Got more motherfucking deals on the table
Don't even know what the fuck to do now
Shit
Oh my god
You can still see me though
Out there on Fulton street at 3 in the morning
Bench pressin' a fiend
Ain't shit changed still loitering

[Verse 3: Mac Miller]
Ok, Ok
I'm relyin' on Viacom to keep my lights and fire on
Made a deal with Lucifer, said, "give me the universe" (Every Single Planet)
It hurts kind of like losing your first love
I saw the bright lights and started doing the worst drugs
Now, I'm backtracking and hash rappin' with Action
Throwing hand grenades at paddywagons in passing
Old fashioned soul grabber snorting all the coke up
The type of shit to turn a World War into a Polka
Polo'd up, the double RL icon
Steppin' out the limo, tuxedos made of python
Listening to Lionel Richie, fuckin with the lights on
Rice on the table, have us going all night long (Again, and again, and again)
Rooftops, sippin on some red wine
Start to realize I've been trippin, shit its just fine
So, I read a passage out the Bible as I take a bath
Dry off, Hit the Colosseum on Jamaica Ave
Bout to say fuck it and form a union
March up to city hall and protest pollution. (Yes!)



[Intro]
Greetings, earthlings

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
From the bottom of my lungs a nigga be blowing
Spitting his game
Coming up on ya from the South, the A-T-Liens ain't changed
Cooler than most players claim to be
A nigga that's from the A-Town see
The home of the Bankhead Bounce
Campbellton Road and other city streets
Enough of the verality, fallacy, butter we speak not fiction
Speaking of pulling yo girl looking at Jheri curls you bitches
Everytime I rhyme for y'all, I'm looking to prove a point
Kicking a freestyle every now and then
But mostly off the joint
See I smoke good cause see it go good wit them flows, bwoi
The nigga the B-I-G like Tony Rich nobody knows why
But me and my folks, cause y'all niggas jokes like the Joker
I'm sick of these wack ass rappers like I'm tired of hoes in chokers

[Hook : André 3000 & Peaches]
Who them boys that be having it crunk every occasion
This side niggas dusting, that side niggas lacing
But in the middle we stay calm, we just drop bombs
Asking where we come from? South Post slums
It's just two dope boys in a cadillac
It's just two dope boys in a cadillac

[Verse 2: Andre 3000]
This ol' sucka MC stepped up to me
Challenged Andre to a battle and I stood there patiently
As he spit and stumbled over cliches, so called freestyling
Whole purpose just to make me feel low, I guess you wilding
I say look boi, I ain't for that fuck shit; so fuck this
Let me explain "only child" style so you don't dis'
I grew up to myself not round no park bench
Just a nigga busting flows off in apartments

[Hook : André 3000 & Peaches]
Who them boys that be having it crunk every occasion
This side niggas dusting, that side niggas lacing
But in the middle we stay calm, we just drop bombs
Asking where we come from? South Post slums
It's just two dope boys in a cadillac
It's just two dope boys in a cadillac

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
It goes Broughams to the Fleetwoods, Coupes to the Villes
Hitting Girbauds and off these flows we having the playa chill
In this atmosphere this ain't no practice here
We cutting the fool now
I'm doing ya at the house and throwing you out because I'm through now
Don't you love the way we claiming Bankhead, stankhead
Looking around the SWATS for the herb that's never tainted
Fainted when you heard the burban serving on the block
And all you biting individuals need to check yourselfs and stop

[Verse 4: Andre 3000]
Yeah tight like nuts and bolts, sluts and hoes they get evicted
I'm dealing wit Queens in my castle ain't worth it to risk it
Now tricks be looking at me like I'm they way up out the pro-jects
Can't put you on my payroll, and no I ain't got no Rolex
Or no diamond at the exit with a sign saying "We'll rap for food"
My face is bawled up cause I ain't in a happy mood
While my partner got the squeegee and the windex
Cause somewhere in my life I done went wrong just like a syntax
Error, bring the terror to your dome like PE
Prone to finish this out cause this be a freestyle

[Hook: André 3000]
Now who them boys that be having the crunk every occasion?
This side niggas dustin', that side niggas lacin'
But in the middle we stay calm
We just drop–
(Explosion)



[Intro: Kanye West]
We in the streets, playa, get ya mail
It's only two places you end up, either dead or in jail
Still nowhere to go, still nowhere to go

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Now throw ya hands up, hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
Everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go

[Verse 1: Mos Def]
Two words, United States, no love, no breaks
Low brow, high stakes, crack smoke, black folks
Big Macs, fat folks, ecstasy capsules
Presidential scandals, everybody move
Two words, Mos Def, K. West, hot shit
Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this
Game 'pon lock shit, gun 'pon cock shit
We won't stop shit, everybody move
Two words, BK, NY, Bed Stuy
Too harsh, too hungry, too many, that's why
These streets know game, can't ball, don't play
Heavy traffic, one lane, everybody move
Two words, Mos Def, Black Jack, hot shit
Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this
Game 'pon lock, gun 'pon cock
We won't stop, everybody move

[Chorus: Kanye West (w/ Harlem Boys Choir)]
Now throw ya hands up, hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
(Throw your hands up high) Everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go, still nowhere to go
And keep ya hands up, hustlers
Busters, boosters, hoes ('Til they reach the sky)
Everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go, still nowhere to go

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Two words, Chi-town, South Side, worldwide
'Cause I rep that 'til I fuckin' die
One neck two chains, one waist two gats
One wall twenty plaques, dues paid, gimme that
I am limelight, Blueprint five mics
Go Getters rhyme like, should've been signed twice
Most imitated, Grammy nominated
Hotel accommodated, cheerleader prom-dated
Barbershop playa-hated, mom-and-pop bootlegged it
Felt like it rained 'til the roof caved in
Two words, Chi-town raised me crazy
So I live by two words: "fuck you, pay me"
Screamin', "Jesus, save me"
You know how the game be, I can't let 'em change me
Cause on judgment day, you gon' blame me
Look, God, it's the same me
And I basically know now, we get racially profiled
'Cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and ho'd down
Plus I got a whole city to hold down
From the bottom so the top's the only place to go now

[Chorus: Kanye West (w/ Harlem Boys Choir)]
Now throw ya hands up hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
(Throw your hands up high)
Oh, everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go, still nowhere to go

[Verse 3: Freeway]
Two words, free way, two letters, AR
Turn y'all rap niggas to two words, fast runners
Like Jackie Joyner, you better sleep with your burner
The heat skeet, blow a reef through ya car, my God
Two words, no guns, break arms
Break necks, break backs, Steven Seagal
Free, young boss, freshman of the Roc
With the beef in the pot Jay sent for his dogs
To brawl, forget ya squad, better fend for yourself
Have you screamin' out four words, "send for the law", uh
Two words, Freeway slightly retarded
Fuck around, throw a clip in ya artist, leave with his broad

[Outro: Mos Def (w/ Harlem Boys Choir)]
Red, white, blue, black (Throw your hands up)
Calm down, move back
Motherfuckers askin' "who is that?"
You know it's the almighty Black Jack
Mos Def, K. West
Ghetto people get this shit off ya chest
North to the south, to the east, to the west
Black Jack Johnson, it's no contest
(High) And show it to 'em like



I WAS 15 ATTENDING SUMMER SCHOOL AT HAWTHORNE HIGH, SPENDING MOST OF MY NIGHTS TRYING TO FIND ANY SNIPPETS OF THE ALBUM ON VARIOUS GERMAN SITES. THEN 7/25/06 CAME. IMM RANGES IN DIFFERENT STYLES AND SOUNDS AND I BELIEVE THATS WHY I GRAVITATED TO IT SO MUCH

THE UPRIGHT BASSLINE ON “CAN I HAVE IT LIKE THAT” OR THE BUCKETS ON “HOW DOES IT FEEL”. OFF THE WALL MJ ON “NUMBER 1″. I STILL TO THIS DAY DONT THINK I CAN MAKE A SONG BETTER THAN “THAT GIRL”. AND “I REALLY LIKE YOU GIRL” IS EASILY THE BEST SONG ON THIS ALBUM WITH YOUR BEST TIMBERLAKE IMPERSONATION AND STEVIE HARMONICA. IMM ALSO INCLUDES “RASPY SHIT” WHICH IS THE WORST SONG IN YOUR DISCOGRAPHY I HATE THAT SONG SO MUCH YOU ARE SO GROSS FOR THAT. BUT THE ONE THAT STOOD OUT WAS “YOU CAN DO IT TOO”. THE SADE BASSLINE, THE STRING PAD WITH CHORDS THAT YOU CLAIM ONLY Q-TIP, YOU AND I LIKE, THE JAMIE CULLUM OUTRO!

BEING 15 BLACK NOT REALLY “INTERESTED” IN WHAT THE MAJORITY OF MY PEERS WERE INTO, IT MADE ME FEEL SAFE. I WAS OPTIMISTIC, ALWAYS DAYDREAMING AND SETTING GOALS SO I FELT YOU WERE DIRECTLY SPEAKING TO ME. I REMEMBER CLANCY TELLING ME HOW JIMMY IOVINE THOUGHT THIS ALBUM WAS A “COMPLETE FUCKING FAILURE IT DIDNT WORK”

BUT SEE, IT DID, JUST NOT ON THE KIDS HE WAS LOOKING AT. THE ONES WHO JUST EXISTED;USED THE POPULAR SLANG;LISTENED TO WHAT WAS THROWN AT THEM;DRESSED IN CLOTHING THAT WAS TRENDING AT THE TIME. NOT SAYING THATS BAD BUT OF COURSE THIS WOULDNT WORK ON THEM. BUT IT WORKED ON ME AND I CREATED ODD FUTURE THAT SAME SUMMER. I WAS ACTUALLY NAIVE ENOUGH TO BELIEVE YOU AND THOUGHT I COULD DO ALL THESE AMAZING THINGS IF I REALLY TRIED. WHERE I GREW UP, NIGGAS GET STUCK AND NEVER MAKE IT OUT. JAIL, DEAD, SHIT JOBS, NOT REALLY GROWING

IT SEEMS LIKE AT A CERTAIN AGE, IDEAS; ORIGINAL THOUGHTS ARE NO LONGER A THING; I DIDNT FALL INTO THAT CYCLE. I’M NOW A YOUNG ENTREPRENEUR ALL BECAUSE I BELIEVED YOU WHEN YOU SAID I COULD BE. YOU WERE THE FIRST PERSON I CONTACTED WHEN I PULLED OFF THAT MCLAREN DEALERSHIP! THIS IS GETTING LONG SO UHHH, HBD IMM. I NEVER HAD BROTHERS,UNCLES OR MY FATHER AROUND SO THANK YOU FOR BEING THE MALE FIGURE I GRAVITATED TO. ALLOWING ME TO EMBRACE BEING DIFFERENT AND TRUSTING MY IDEAS ❤️



Skate park 'til the days dark
Then it's Roscoes with the whole fucking G Olf Wang
Wolf Gang same thing just the G's off
Sick fuck I got mini germs I feel like Adolf
Aye, Y'all motherfuckers thought I was gone fall off
Sorry, future brighter than what Stevie Wonder ain't saw
Ain't yaw jaw hurting from the hate, naw?
Ah fuck it mate... and my balls still ain't drop pause

Sick... Spittin' like the motherfucking droolin'
Ear to a sea shell listening to Frankie's new shit

Who's this motherfucking crew bringing cool back
To the rap bake sale makin' all the cake back
Made about one zero zero zero zero eight stacks
In a whole different fucking country where they hate rap
And they say 'Hey black, can I get my kids back?
You brain washed them with all that triple sixty six crap'



In the studio right now with Ebro, my nigga Rosenberg right here and he know, that me and Vince go way back just like Lebron hairline against somebody. Shit I don't know, I don't really watch basketball but I play with a couple balls, me and Vincent having threesomes, rolling up the weed crumbs. Niggas know that I'm dumb, niggas know that he's stu-pid and you know I stay there because it's stu-kid. Never leave the stoop, copped a new Coupe. About to cop McLaren after tall with no damn roof. And I be playing guitar, nigga I'm a damn star. Can't even walk down the street without damn calls of security following, and bad bitches swallowing, and niggas can't see the fucking ice cause it's hollowed-in. And shout out been balling, nigga making checks. Can't think of nothing, what's next? But fuck it, niggas know that I'm going hard, I'm getting rod, fat Eminem and a dark nigga from Amistad. And Sandra Bullock in the cut n' shit. What the fuck, my nigga Lionel buff as fuck and uhh any bitches in here with big ol' butts? Nah, this shit is wack, white girl got the flat one. Wanna point out the black one. Something, got me a stack of money inside the pocket, nigga can't hold no wallet, but know I go hard, know my wallet go yard with the Golf on it. Yeah nigga I make bread, I don't even rap about rape no more, that shit is dead. Now I'm fuckin bitches and coppin shit that's too damn expensive. N' everybody just hate the new shit, they never listen, cause I'm not sad, don't cry about my dad. But shit I don't know, getting ass-shots after tour, I don't know what is going



THE STATE OF TEXAS VS. TYLER GREGORY OKONMA

NAME: TYLER GREGORY OKONMA
OFFENSE NO. 14-0721336
OFFENSE DATE: 03-13-2014

THE STATE OF TEXAS
TO ANY PEACE OFFICER OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, GREETINGS
You are hereby Commanded to Arrest

TYLER GREGORY OKONMA B/M 3/6/91

If to be found in your County and bring him before me, Judge at the Municipal Court, Travis County, Texas, at my office in Austin, in said county, Instanter, then and there to answer the State of Texas for an offense against the laws of said State, to-wit:

RIOT - CLASS A MISDEMEANOR

Of which offense he is accused by the written complaint, under oath, of Detective W. LYONS 5936 filed before me

HEREIN FAIL NOT but of this writ make due return, showing how you have executed the same. Witness my official signature, this 13 the day of March, A.D. 2014

Bond $3500


AFFIDAVIT FOR WARRANT OF ARREST AND DETENTION

Your affiant is Austin Police Detective W. Lyons #5936 who is employed by the Austin Police Department and has approximately 7 years of law enforcement experience. Information contained in this affidavit was obtained from Officer Perez #6676 and Officer O'Farrell #5948 and contained in the Austin Police offense report 14-0721336

Officer Perez and Officer O'Farrell both stated to Det Lyons that they were assigned to a Unified Command Public Assembly Code Enforcement (PACE) Team for escort during SXSW events taking place in Downtown Austin, TX. The officers stated they were assigned to assist the PACE team with enforcing city code on occupants inside establishments for public safety reasons in the entertainment district

Officers stated to Det Lyons that the Pace team received a call for service at the Scoot Inn located at 1308 E 4th St due to a possible overcrowding. Officer Perez and O'Farrell stated to Det Lyons that they arrived on the scene with the Pace team and observed a large crowd. Officers stated the establishment was at capacity with 999 people inside. Officers stated to Det Lyons that the employees who were assigned to work the door for the Scoot Inn were allowing 1 person inside as 1 person exited the establishment. At this time, Officer Perez and O'Farrell walked inside of the establishment to check the area and observed the performer "TYLER THE CREATOR" onstage. The officers stated to Det Lyons that at that moment "TYLER THE CREATOR" yelled out to the large crowd of people waiting in line outside the building "ALL YALL OUTSIDE THE GATES YALL PUSH THROUGH." At that time, Officers Perez and O'Farrell stated the crowd waiting in line outside started to try and push the employees working the door out of the way, but hesitated. The officers also stated the employees working the door then immediately attempted to secure the doors and close them and that is when "TYLER THE CREATOR" yelled out again to the large crowd who were now becoming unruly and enraged "YALL PUSH THROUGH GET IN COME ON." At this time, the Officers stated they observed the large crowd push through the employees working the door which created an immediate danger of injury to persons. Officers then stated the performer "TYLER THE CREATOR" began apologizing then cursing at employees working the door before he exited the stage. Officers stated after the "riot" dispersed, they made contact with a bartender who is an employee of the Scoot Inn and he was identified as: Mylan, Thomas. Officers stated Thomas made a statement to them that during the "Riot" he held several people back so one girl who fell to the ground would not get trampled. Officers stated Thomas then told them that while he was trying to protect the girls who fell he was punched by an unknown male subject to the left side of his face which caused him pain. Officers stated they could not locate the suspect due to the large amount of people at the establishment. Officer Perez and O'Farrell stated they called for more officers to respond to the scene and that is when the crowd dispersed

In Sec 42.02 of the Penal "Riot" is listed as a Class B Misdemeanor. (F) an offense under this section is an offense of the same classification as any offense of a higher grade committed by anyone engaged in the riot of the offense was: (1) in furtherance of the purpose of the  assembly. In this caste the bartender: Mylan, Thomas who is an employee of the Scoot Inn was punched to the left side of his face which caused him pain. This constitutes an Assault W/Injury a Class A Misdemeanor offense. This enhances the Class B Classification of "Riot" to the higher grade Class A Misdemeanor. "TYLER THE CREATOR" was identified as: TYLER GREGORY OKONMA B/M 03/06/1991



Verse:

Listen
Listen
Listen

Bad ass bitch
Big ass titties man
Got fucking AKs the size of a fucking mini van
(Wooo)
Listen
Ya'll niggas got problems then ya'll do it
So much fucking money in my pocket
I fucking walk stoooopidd
Hold up
Bad bitch look good in some nice pants
Bet my bitch look good in some nice pants
Niggas see me they be "shit got damn , AK-47 tucked in that nigga nice pants!!"
Hold on
Ya'll got a little nigga started on some G-Shit
"Who that nigga that looked swagged out?"
THATS ME BITCH !
Don't play with a nigga money or it's fucking family
I got goon niggas named Jonathan and one named Tammy
Ya'll niggas got a fucking problem say it to my fucking face
Got lil' niggas that'll sock you in the fucking face
And if you think that they won't sock you in your fucking face
Aye you a BI-ahhhhh !! pop you right in your fucking face
(DAAAAAMMMNN)



[Produced by Taz Arnold & Whoarei; Additional production by Sounwave]

[Screams]

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I place blame on you still, place shame on you still
Feel like you ain't shit, feel like you don't feel
Confidence in yourself, breakin' on marble floors
Watchin' anonymous strangers, tellin' me that I'm yours
But you ain't shit, I'm convinced your tolerance nothin' special
What can I blame you for? Nigga, I can name several
Situations, I'll start with your little sister bakin'
A baby inside, just a teenager, where your patience?
Where was your antennas?
Where was the influence you speak of?
You preached in front of 100,000 but never reached her
I fuckin' tell you, you fuckin' failure—you ain't no leader!
I never liked you, forever despise you—I don't need you!
The world don't need you, don't let them deceive you
Numbers lie too, fuck your pride too, that's for dedication
Thought money would change you
Made you more complacent
I fuckin' hate you, I hope you embrace it
I swear—

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
Lovin' you, lovin' you, not lovin' you, 100° proof
(I can feel your vibe and recognize that you're ashamed of me
Yes, I hate you, too)

[Break: Jessica Vielmas]
(Loving you ain't really complicated)
House keeping, house keeping
(What I got to do to get to you?)
¡Abre la puerta! ¡Abre la puerta tengo que limpiar el cuarto!
(To you)
¡Es que no hay mucho tiempo tengo que limpiar el cuarto!
(Loving you ain't really complicated)
¡Disculpe!
(What I got to do to get to you?)
(To you)

[Verse 2]
You the reason why mama and them leavin'
No, you ain't shit, you say you love them
I know you don't mean it
I know you're irresponsible, selfish, in denial, can't help it
Your trials and tribulations a burden, everyone felt it
Everyone heard it, multiple shots, corners cryin' out
You was deserted, where was your antennas again?
Where was your presence?
Where was your support that you pretend?
You ain’t no brother, you ain’t no disciple
You ain’t no friend
A friend never leave Compton for profit
Or leave his best friend, little brother
You promised you’d watch him before they shot him
Where was your antennas?
On the road, bottles and bitches
You FaceTimed him one time, that's unforgiven
You even FaceTimed instead of a hospital visit
Guess you thought he would recover well
Third surgery, they couldn't stop the bleeding for real
Then he died, God himself will say, "You fuckin' failed"
You ain't try

[Verse 3]
I know your secrets, nigga
Mood swings is frequent, nigga
I know depression is restin' on your heart for two reasons, nigga
I know you and a couple block boys ain't been speakin', nigga
Y'all damn near beefin', I see it and you're the reason, nigga
And if this bottle could talk–gulp–I cry myself to sleep
Bitch, everything is your fault
Faults breakin' to pieces, earthquakes on every weekend
Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed
I know your secrets, don't let me tell them to the world
About that shit you thinkin'
And that time you–gulp–I'm 'bout to hurl
I'm fucked up, but I ain't as fucked up as you
You just can't get right, I think your heart made of bullet proof
Should've killed yo' ass a long time ago
You should've feeled that black revolver blast a long time ago
And if those mirrors could talk it'd say, "You gotta go"
And if I told your secrets
The world'll know money can't stop a suicidal weakness



[Intro: Kanye West]
I just got off the plane, Chicago
It's ya boy Kanye West on the beat
Ay, White Boy

[Hook 2x: Kanye West and John Legend]
I just want you to know, I just want you to know
I just want you to know, this boy here finna' blow
Southside up in here, Westside up in here
Eastside up in here, throw your hands in the air

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Kanye the best in the game, now we got that, that thing clear
Kanye West is the name, Southside up in here
Y'all niggas stole the soul, y'all niggas all some clones
Y'all need to change y'all tone, nigga, I control the 'go
Motherfucker close the do', light the weed and let the douja blow
Why you keep bawlin' though girl, you ain't been around niggas before?
Why my chain rosey gold, why my wrist below zero?
How the hell I know B-Lo, why them girls tell you no means no?
No means no just as sure as green means go
Green means paper, dream team caper
We see haters like shorty on the 'Sixth Sense'
Y'all finna' see some dead people
Come through ya block and air people
My people ain't scared people, only FIG-I-AIR people

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Whiteboy]
White Boy back in the mix and I'm in the atmosphere
Crunkin' for stackin' the fifth and we got them gats in here
This is not a game, Cris is not a lame
Chi-town drop the flame, White Boy got them thangs
White Boy a hot damn shame, White Boy hot like mars
Y'alls flow hot like March, y'all can't stop these bars
White Boy drop these charts, White Boy got the ball
Lyrics gon' shock you all, Cris gon' cop them cars
Get a couple foxy broads, out they shoes socks and bra
This is not so hard, Cris got a rocky heart
Pimp wit' a monster walk, Cris got hostile thoughts
Y'all better watch it dawg, me and West rock you dawg

[Hook 2x]

[B-Lo]
Rap profit, plat Gothic, slash convict raps jock it, phat
Pockets mac, hopin' crack, poppin' stacks
Droppin' cakes, stoppin' wakes, knockin' hate
And you fakes, watchin' base, on relate
Gossip fakes and I make, opt, yeah
In case I catch a case gots to pay, confrentrate
Need ya way, from this place cause it ain't common (nope)
If this ain't the way, Kanye, then it's straight
Colleges in ya veins cause you spit what you came from
Straight knowledge, I was raised in the street
Praised in my heat, holdin' on my Nextel
Hopin' for the next cell, focused on the best cell
Smokin' on a fresh L, posted like FedEx mail

[Hook 2x]



[Verse 1]
This is the wrath of Aquarius
I am the black metal terrorist, ain't no comparison
Humanitarian, bitch I'm a veteran
Better than anyone comprehend
Snake in the grass, Cut the copperhead
Hollow-tips point at a copper head
Drop a head Popping the Glock till the copper dead
But Bishop killed Radames
That is the biggest hypocrisy
I don't see nobody stopping me
Boy, your whole life is a mockery
A militant mind of the million
Civilian, I am the realest bitch
No Gilligan put me on an island
Smoking on an island 'til a nigga look Thailand
Spread through your crew like a motherfucking virus
Cloud 9 confederate, breaking up barriers
Federation in your area
If I'm a bitch then I guess you a pussy, and pussies are scared of a terrier (WOOF)
Run all your paper, killer Curry keep on catching the caper
Dominating common denominator
Aftermath you can just do the math later, as a teenager
I was an underdog under the Raiders, valuable player
Young Bo Jackson slammin' packs with a passion
Satisfaction with the lack of compassion
It's a maverick hella gaspin', but actually
I am that nigga entirely
The same ones that inspire me be the same ones that wanna retire me, nigga

[Chorus]
In the night time, keep me out of sight, it's the poltergeist
When I'm ghost, I'mma cut the line, now you outta mind
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
In the night time, keep me out of sight, it's the poltergeist
When I'm ghost, I'mma cut the line, now you outta mind
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)

[Verse 2]
Mystical miracle, I build imperial
I'm analytical, why Lotto had to be off to the clinical
Now we're identical, black individual, no biochemical
Serve, fuck the cops they the opposition
And these halfway niggas and these halfway hoes
Wanna be buddy-buddy they see you at a show
But be the main ones that be hating on the low
Wait, that's just irrelevant, they got the fact when you look at my melanin, woah
Cops killin' niggas, niggas killin' brothas, niggas hate each other
Don't know, where the fuck they came from
We the ones that paid dues
I don't watch Fox News, don't mean that all my foxes sly
Find a little white girl, but let you die
Gun like a veteran, breakin' off barriers, they just might call me a terrorist
Better get caught with it than without it if I keep it concealed when I carry it, I
Put them on paper, send them to prison and give them free labor
Separate everyone, make sure they neighbors
Aftermath, after that, we can laugh later
Fuck all my haters
I raise up black fists as black as the raiders
Arming the gators
Federation is my organization
All relation, no religion, no races
Black to Asian we the nation of U.L.T
True to you so keep it true to me
Haters cannot put an end to me because I truly know who is my enemy, nigga

[Chorus]
In the night time, keep me out of sight, it's the poltergeist
When I'm ghost, I'mma cut the line, now you outta mind
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
In the night time, keep me out of sight, it's the poltergeist
When I'm ghost, I'mma cut the line, now you outta mind
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)
Y'all niggas ain't U.L.T. (Ultimate)

{Laughs}
I. M. Perial



[Intro: Ronny J]
Ronny J, listen up

[Chorus]
I am the one, don't weigh a ton
Don't need a gun to get respect up on the street (okay)
Under the sun, the bastard son
Will pop the Glock to feed himself and family (sheesh)
By any means, your enemies, my enemies
We wet them up like a canteen (damn)
The yellow tape surrounds the fate
Don't have a face, so now you late, open the gates (god damn)

[Verse 1]
Great, eliminate like ElimiDate (ooh)
Hey, young boy had to penetrate (ooh)
Face, young boy done caught a case (ooh)
Bang, now his mama livin' with the pain (uh)
Wait, doctor says he's gonna stay (huh?)
Let him get the Senzu Bean so he regenerate (oh)
Now a nigga harder than the head of the state (damn)
Denzel Curry is the new candidate (damn)
Ultimate, alternate, you are the opposite
Stop this shit, chop your esophagus (esophagus)
Bitches be boppin' it, bow down and pop it in
Droppin' it in her esophagus (esophagus)
She get so nasty, in public she classy
Perhaps she is able to swallow it (uh)
Girl, I can make you a star (star, ooh)
Then I put her ass on Apollo, bitch (damn)
Bitch, I am ultimate, behold my awesomeness
Narcissist, part time an arsonist (flame)
Rippin' through cartilage, I am the hardest, bitch
Wrap it up, put in sarcophagus (damn)
Dearly departed, it's done when it started
So now that I'm livin' so harmonious (harmonious)
Feelin' like Spartacus, Curry the ultimate
I am the best, there's no politics
Bitch, I'm ultimate, ultimate
Bitch, I'm...

[Chorus]
I am the one, don't weigh a ton
Don't need a gun to get respect up on the street (okay)
Under the sun, the bastard son
Will pop the Glock to feed himself and family (sheesh)
By any means, your enemies, my enemies
We wet them up like a canteen (damn)
The yellow tape surrounds the fate
Don't have a face, so now you late, open the gates (damn)

[Verse 2]
Ultimate, infinite, flow is opium
Open the internet, photosynthesis
Put up parentheses, temporary
Very scary if I feel like Dirty Harry
Just might bust a bitch, never knew my life
But yet the question is, "Is he fake? Is he real?"
What the message is, chop a bitch nigga up
I'ma sever it when I sever shit
I kill 'em, no Kony, these niggas ain't homies
Claim you the homie, I turn into Broly
Droppin' melodic, enter the cosmic
Flow like a prophet, lyrical toxic
Flow like a foreigner, I'm the torturer
Out of South Florida, call the coroner
Killed in the corridor, I'm the overlord
Rhymes like a sorcerer, I'm an animorph
Bitch, I'm a beast
Nigga, you tell me who fuckin' with me
K to the I to the N to the G
Claim you the hottest, but I disagree
Better learn something and get a degree
This for Lord Infamous, so R.I.P
Arrivederci, bitches lookin' thirsty
Ridin' through the dirty, like it's mandatory
Ending of the story

[Chorus]
I am the one, don't weigh a ton
Don't need a gun to get respect up on the street (okay)
Under the sun, the bastard son
Will pop the Glock to feed himself and family (sheesh)
By any means, your enemies, my enemies
We wet them up like a canteen (damn)
The yellow tape surrounds the fate
Don't have a face, so now you late, open the gates



[Intro: Samoria Green & Natalie Green]
(Yes, God)
We don't want no devils in the house, God (Yes, Lord)
We want the lord (Yes, Jesus)
And that's it (Yes, God)
Hallej- hand over Satan (Yes, Jesus)
Jesus praise the Lord (Yes, God)
Hallelujah, God (Yes, God)
We don't want no devils in the house, God (Yes, Lord)
We want the lord (Yes, Jesus)
And that's it (Yes, God)
Hallej- hand over Satan (Yes, Jesus)
Jesus praise the Lord (Yes, God)

[Chorus: Kanye West & The-Dream]
I'm tryna keep my faith
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
This is everything

[Verse 1: Kanye West & The-Dream]
Deliver us serenity
Deliver us peace
Deliver us loving
We know we need it
You know we need it
You know we need it
That's why we need you now, oh
Pray for Paris
Pray for the parents
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is a God dream

[Chorus: Kanye West & Choir]
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything (Thing, thing, thing)

[Refrain: The-Dream & Choir]
I'm tryna keep my faith
But I'm looking for more
Somewhere I can feel safe
And end my holy war
I'm tryna keep my faith

[Verse 2: Kelly Price & Choir]
So why send oppression not blessings?
Why, oh, why'd you do me wrong? (More)
You persecute the weak
Because it makes you feel so strong
(To save) Don't have much strength to fight
So I look to the light
(War) To make these wrongs turn right
Head up high, I look to the light
Hey, 'cause I know that you'll make everything alright
And I know that you'll take good care of your child
Oh, no longer am afraid of the night
'Cause I, I look to the light

[Verse 3: Chance The Rapper]
When they come for you, I will shield your name
I will field their questions, I will feel your pain
No one can judge
They don't, they don't know
They don't know
Foot on the Devil's neck 'til it drifted Pangaea
I'm moving all my family  from Chatham to Zambia
Treat the demons just like Pam
I mean I fuck with your friends, but damn, Gina
I been this way since Arthur was anteater
Now they wanna hit me with the woo wap, the bam
Tryna snap  photos of familia
My daughter look just like Sia, you can't see her
You can feel the lyrics, the spirit coming in braille
Tubman of the underground, come and follow the trail
I made Sunday Candy, I'm never going to hell
I met Kanye West, I'm never going to fail
He said, "Let's do a good ass job with 'Chance 3'"
I hear you gotta sell it to snatch the Grammy
Let's make it so free and the bars so hard
That there ain't one gosh darn part you can't tweet
This is my part, nobody else speak
This is my part, nobody else speak
This little light of mine
Glory be to God, yeah
I'ma make sure that they go where they can't go
If they don't wanna ride I'ma still give 'em raincoats
Know what God said when he made the first rainbow
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Ugh, I'm just having fun with it
You know that a nigga was lost
I laugh in my head
'Cause I bet that my ex looking back like a pillar of salt
Ugh, 'cause they'll flip the script on your ass like Wesley and Spike
You cannot mess with the light
Look at lil' Chano from 79th

[Chorus: Kanye West & Choir]
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything

[Refrain: The-Dream, Natalie Is Great & Choir]
(Yes, God)
(Hallelujah)
I'm tryna keep my faith
(Yes, Jesus)
But I'm looking for more
Somewhere I can feel safe
And end my holy war

[Outro: Kirk Franklin & Choir]
Father, this prayer is for everyone that feels they're not good enough
This prayer's for everybody that feels like they're too messed up
For everyone that feels they've said "I'm sorry" too many times
You can never go too far when you can't come back home again
That's why I need...
Faith, more, safe, war



[Kirk Franklin]
Father
This prayer is for everyone that feels they're not good enough This prayer's for everybody that feels they're too messed up
For everyone that feels they've said "I'm sorry" too many times
Let them know that's why you took the nail
So we could have eternal life
If all God's children would get down on their knees and pray
And give up all of those things that pull our hearts away
You will forgive all of our wrong and make us brand new again
But I won't make it, God, if you let go of my hand
That's why we need more (Faith!)
Yes, I'm searching for you, I'm looking for (More!)
Yes I am, in Your arms is where I feel (Safe!)
They're killing our babies in the streets, I call out for (War!)
I need just a little bit more of some (Faith!)
Just a mustard seed, I'm looking for You for (More!)
Prayer for our homes and our families
We just wanna be (Safe!)
Can't you hear the trumpet sound, I think I hear (War!)



[Intro]
Biggie Smalls is the illest
What?
Biggie Smalls is the illest

[Verse 1]
Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant, the livest one
Representing BK to the fullest
Gats, I pull it
Bastards ducking when Big be bucking
Chickenheads be clucking, in my bathroom fucking
It ain't nothing
They know BIG be handling
With the MAC in the Ac' door paneling
Bandaging MC's, oxygen they can't breathe
Mad tricks up the sleeve
Wear boxers so my dick can breathe
Breeze through in the Q
45 by my side, lyrical high
And those that rushes my clutches get put on crutches
Get smoked like dutches from the master
Hate to blast ya but I have to
You see I smoke a lot
Your life is played out like Kwame
And them fucking polka dots
Who rock the spot, Biggie
You know how the weed go, unbelievable

[Hook]
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest

[Verse 2]
B-I-G, G-I-E
A.K.A., B.I.G
Get it? Biggie
Also known as the bon appetit
Rappers can't sleep need sleeping
Big keep creeping
Bullets heat-seeking, casualties need treating
Dumb rappers need teaching
Lesson A: Don't fuck with B-I
That's that "Oh I, thought he was wack"
Oh come come now, why y'all so dumb now
Hunt me or be hunted
I got three hundred and fifty-seven ways
To simmer sauté, I'm the winner all day
Lights get dimmer down Biggie's hallway
My forte causes Caucasians to say
He sounds demented
Car weed scented, if I said it, I meant it
Bite my tongue for no one
Call me evil, or unbelievable

[Hook]
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest

[Verse 3]
Buck shots out the sun roof of Lexus coupes
Leave no witnesses, what you think this is?
Ain't no amateurs here
I damage and tear, MC's fear me
They too near not to hear me
Clearly, I'm the triple beam dream
One thousand grams of uncut to the gut
It seems fucked up, the way I touched up the grill
Trying to play gorilla, when you ain't no killer
The gat's by your liver, your upper lip quiver
Get ready to die, tell God I said hi
And throw down some ice for the nicest MC
Niggas know the steelo, unbelievable

[Hook]
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest



I am the first black astronaut
To walk the bare moon, from my air balloon
I am the first black astronaut
To walk the bare moon

(Quite possibly, one of the great all-time love tracks.)

[Verse 1]
It's the resurgence of the happy black rappers
But our African medallions are handicap placards
I am alphabetized in the modernized retro
And my press photos are wallet sized. My rent's low
Why don't you shape me? I'm malleable flesh and putty
And a salad bowl with dill dressing
And assimilated into urban field testing
Dress and doggy are coveted by a sexy bunny
Afraid I'll add her to my burlesque show
Who severed the ring finger of the lead singer and store a fresh bowl
Of the Bitches' Brew with bee stingers but I'm refreshed though
It's home of the black speed reader
Perplexed or blurb stretched
Dude adjusted I am spacey but the burden is low
Which means I'm commonplace
Til the boy and me traveled the country in wooden spaceships
On the phone cussing at de-booking agents
I wield words that have come from the country with the underground who's-who
But I feel like I've been sodomized with a billiards pool cue

[Hook]
I am the first black astronaut
To walk the bare moon, from my air balloon
Pound my beliefs into the desired shape
And put them sound asleep in the fireplace
I am the first black astronaut
To walk the bare moon, from my air balloon
Pound my beliefs into the desired shape
And put them sound asleep in the fireplace

[Verse 2]
It's the return of the all-popular dope rappers
Who retreat to their holes in the sky, climbing up rope-ladders
And I will sell you a silver disc soaked in laughter
Cause you've been brainwashed. Out of your ears leaks soap lather
Why don't you deify me? I'm Buckaroo Bonzai
Don't know what to do, I'm the wrong guy
I touch crews like Krush Groove on DVD
And I kinda started doing songs with CVE
But now you're like (Chillin' Villain who? Project what?)
Persona Non Grata with the wrist-band in front of Popsicle stick man
He's a wall of hot lava. Drip crayon on your clipped glands
So I found the top dollar. Twist strands to enrich fans
But there's not a lot of offers. They give brands to kitsch bands
I water lawns for the ADD D&D role-players
And we got along, so we formed a commonwealth
And you hear me do random sightings and file-sharing
And you tell me that song writing's like child bearing
No it's not, it's self indulgence
Elfen culprits watch their egos melt in charcoal pits

[Hook]
I am the first black astronaut
To walk the bare moon, from my air balloon
Pound my beliefs into the desired shape
And put them sound asleep in the fireplace
I am the first black astronaut
To walk the bare moon, from my air balloon
Pound my beliefs into the desired shape
And put them sound asleep in the fireplace

[Bridge]
Oh my. Sorry I left my acceptance speech in the back of the private car
And I re-wrote the Hollywood ending flux the motion-picture screen
Made it so the black guy doesn't die by the opening scene
Oh my. Sorry I left my acceptance speech in the back of the private car
When I re-wrote the Hollywood ending flux the motion-picture screen
Made it so the black guy doesn't die by the opening scene

[Verse 3]
Yeah! This is the climb of the cathartic writer
That labels couldn't market they lifer
I've been out-sold and my styles are old and lame
I'll spark a lighter to the carpet fiber cause I'm not a household name
I'm a tax write-off, I signed a deal with no exit clause
My label's like Ms. Santa Clause on menopause, so I'm banging on padded walls
So I'm trying to make hits, but I keep hitting pop flys
I don't eat out any more, I thaw chicken pot pies
But I used to be in the list of the top five
Fresh hip-hop guys

[Hook]
I am the first black astronaut
To walk the bare moon, from my air balloon
Pound my beliefs into the desired shape
And put them sound asleep in the fireplace
I am the first black astronaut
To walk the bare moon, from my air balloon



[Verse 1: Childish Gambino]
Who the fuck, Gambino, this nigga on your TiVo?
My hotel cost a kilo, banking like a free throw
Fuck y'all, we A-Team, y'all plan B like Walgreens
Cop that shit and paint it black, niggas want they summer back?
Ha-ha, no way, hublots, Dolce
Beans in my hand, girl in the car
She still with her man, but she seeing me tomorrow
Homegirl on that Master P, watch us ball like referees
Unnecessary roughness? We just trying to function
Used to sport them Filas cause my cousin pack them heaters
We don't wife 'em like Khalifa, we just party then we leave 'em
Tell 'em that we hittin', we don't really see 'em
My girl look best when she only wear a fitted
Q and 'Bino in the house and you niggas in the senate
Get it?

[Hook]
Four thou' on my fit, that's unnecessary
Skiing in Japan, that's unnecessary
Molly on my rider, that's unnecessary
'Bino spit the fire, that ain't even necessary
That's unnecessary, that's unnecessary
That's unnecessary, that's unnecessary
Roll out on a plane, that's unnecessary
'Tussin and champagne, nigga that ain't even necessary

[Verse 2: ScHoolboy Q]
They said don’t buy the belt and I got it
They said don’t get the Rollie and I bought it
Nigga, I’m balling
My fucking mixtape can get you through college
Getting them dollars
Showing my pearly white teeth, I'm a nigga that’s flawless
Came a long way from dumping out Impalas
Same gun and pants, different ski mask from coppers
All of this copper
Knock knock, who could it be? Niggas know I got it on lock
Yawk, yawk - bitch rappers better move ‘fore them niggas get dropped
Mr. Flop boy, you got your label hot
I’m the hardest out, you's a table cloth
Unnecessary balling, I was carted off
Been fucking with my side bitch so much my main bitch can’t stand it
Hunned racks in three months, man this shit is outstanding
Seen a dollar go to stupid racks, billion, trillion
Nigga, that’s what I call building
‘Bino what it do, let’s go half on a million

[Hook]
Bathroom DVR, that’s unnecessary
Pushing in that bulletproof, that’s unnecessary
Stunting in the mall, that’s unnecessary
Condo on my arm, that ain't even necessary
That’s unnecessary, that’s unnecessary
That’s unnecessary, that’s unnecessary
Ibiza for a day, that’s unnecessary
Shows a hundred K, nigga, that ain’t even necessary

[Verse 3: Ab-Soul]
Black Lip Bastard
Actual natural disaster
I did a song about DMT
Soulja Boy did one right after
3 eyes, these guys ain’t seeing me
No radio showed up over B.o.B
G-O-D Emcee
I’m the devil with angel wings
Pilot Talk, currency
Stole the show, burglary
I love that flow but I got more
Open condoms in condos
Open bottles of Moet
White with white girls in Eugene
We used to call hoes on 3-way
And take 'em out to the movies
And now we just do it our way
She driving stick in the driveway
Just popped a molly with Miley
She do shrooms every blue moon
Hundred million trillion muthafuckin' racks nigga
Pinot grigio the lean’ll go in that nigga
Now that's unnecessary
Been a legend since elementary
Ayo, Bino, tell these niggas I ain't no joke
She don't need speak, she ain't giving no throat
You are under my control
Suspend the L's but I'm on a roll
Grade A, honor roll
Mayday, Soul!



[Verse: Ameer Vann]
Praise God, all my niggas free and gettin' money
I keep my hand on a swivel, know they lookin' for me
I ain't hidin' from bitches
Know they lyin' 'bout niggas
Ain't no truth to the rumors
This ain't no rap that I'm spittin'
This the blood of my niggas
This the tears of my mother
It's the voices I'm hearin'
When I'm smokin' alone
I bought the work off my cousin
With my boyband money
Called it business investments
We was raised up reckless

[Verse: Ameer Vann]
Praise God, all my niggas free and gettin' money
I keep my hand on a swivel, know they lookin' for me
I ain't hidin' from bitches
Know they lyin' 'bout niggas
Ain't no truth to the rumors
This ain't no rap that I'm spittin'
This the blood of my niggas
This the tears of my mother
It's the voices I'm hearin'
When I'm smokin' alone
I bought the work off my cousin
With my boyband money
Called it business investments
We was raised up reckless



[Verse 1: Killer Mike]
You are witnessing elegance in the form of a black elephant
Smoking white rhino on terraces
Will I die slain like my king by a terrorist?
Will my woman be Coretta, take my name and cherish it?
Or will she Jackie O, drop the Kennedy, remarry it?
My sister say it's necessary on some Cleopatra shit
My grandmama said nope, never, that it's sacrilege
Tend to agree because the thought is so disparaging
The Lord give a load, you got to carry it like Mary did
That's why I'm giving honor to all these baby mommas
It takes a woman's womb to make a Christ or Dalai Lama
The world might take that child, turn that child into a monster
The Lord'll take a monster and fashion him a saint
I present you Malcolm X for those who saying that He can't
Saying that He won't, when I know He will
You usually don't know it's you until you getting killed
For real

[Hook: Scar]
Dear Lord, have mercy
On the ones that go through life like it's a game
Dear Lord
I won't be forced to shut up when I don't feel the same
Cause people gonna lie
Some people gonna steal
You gotta be careful not to shit where you live
Them people might try to have you killed
Lord have mercy, life is such a battlefield
For real

[Verse 2: Killer Mike]
I ain't never gave a fuck
I never did and never will
Live my life on principle
Keep it true, keep it real
Better said, I keep it trill
And no matter who don't like it, homie
That's just how it is
Naked truth like the stripper that's in front of me
And I keep a blunt and a Bible and a gun on me
Why? Cause I'm country-bred
Actually, I'm south-er-ern
Something like my brethren
The legendary Andre 3K, Cee Lo, Goodie, and some other men
You should pay some homage, it's an honor this
This is not a fiction that is sold by conglomerates
This is Soul of Black Folks mixed with Donald Goines shit
Better said, Robert Beck, esoteric I could get
This is John Gotti painting pictures like Dali
This is Basquiat with a passion like Pac
In a body like Biggie, telling stories like Ricky
If a rapper was to spar, please tell him better kick it
You with me?

[Hook: Scar]
Dear Lord, have mercy
On the ones that go through life like it's a game
Dear Lord
I won't be forced to shut up when I don't feel the same
Cause people gonna lie
Some people gonna steal
You gotta be careful not to shit where you live
Them people might try to have you killed
Lord have mercy, life is such a battlefield
For real

[Instrumental Interlude]

[Outro: Killer Mike]
I don't trust the church or the government: Democrat, Republican
Pope or a bishop or them other men
And I believe God has sustained me with rap
So I pick a burning bush, put it in a Swisher wrap
And they can't kill a G, I seen how I die
I'm only going once, a coward dies a thousand times
Until that chariot come and take a nigga home
I'mma spit this ghetto gospel over all these gutter songs
I'm gone



[Intro: Swizz Beatz & Lil Wayne]
(Weezy, Weezy, Weezy, Weezy
Weezy, Weezy, Weezy, Weezy)
I see, thank you man, thank you
Y'all know his name
Ayo, Mack, let the beat drop
Ladies and gentlemen, C5, Wayne time
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Zone, zone, zone, zone, zone
Let me see your shoulders work
I mean, I don't know what y'all came here to do, but, uh
If you ain't got a lighter, what the fuck you smoking for?
We hot! (haaa)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
What the fuck though? Where the love go?
Five, four, three, two, I let one go
Bow! Get the fuck though, I don't bluff, bro
Aimin' at your head like a buffalo
You a roughneck, I'm a cutthroat
You're a tough  guy, that's enough jokes
Then the sun die, the night is young though
The diamonds still shine in the rough, ho
What the fuck though? Where the love go?
Five, four, three, two, where the ones go?
It's a shit show, put you front row
Talkin' shit, bro? Let your tongue show
Money over bitches, and above hoes
That is still my favorite love quote
Put the gun inside, what the fuck for?
I sleep with the gun, and she don't snore
What the fuck, yo? Where the love go?
Trade the ski mask for the muzzle
It's a blood bath, where the suds go?
It's a Swizz beat, there the drums go
If she's iffy, there the drugs go
If she sip lean, double-cup toast
I got a duffle full of hundos
There the love go, where's the uproar?

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
What the fuck though? Where the love go?
Five, four, three, two, I let one go
Bow! Get the fuck though, I don't bluff, bro
Aimin' at your head like a buffalo
What the fuck though? Where the love go?
Five, four, three, two, I let one go
Bow! Get the fuck though, I don't bluff, bro
Aimin' at your head like a buffalo

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Get the fuck though, I don't bluff, bro
I come out the scuffle without a scuff, woah
Puff, puff, bro; I don't huff though
Yellow diamonds up close, catch a sunstroke
At your front door with a gun stowed
"Knock, knock. Who's there?" is how it won't go
This the jungle, so have the utmost
For the nutzos, and we nuts, so
What the fuck, bro? It's where I'm from, bro
We grow up fast, we roll up slow
We throw up gang signs, she throw up dope
Dreadlock hang down like you dun know
Put the green in the bag like a lawnmower
Hair trigger pulled back like a cornrow
Extra clip in the stash like a console
Listenin' to Bono, you listen to Donald
What the fuck, bro? Where the love go?
Swizzy he the chef, I like my lunch gross
Just look up, bro, there the Scuds go
I see the shovel, but where did bruh go?
Hmm, to the unknown
Only way he comin' back is through his unborns
If you see what's in my bag, think I'm a drug lord
It's empty when I give it back, now where's the uproar?

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
What the fuck though? Where the love go?
Five, four, three, two, I let one go
Bow! Get the fuck though, I don't bluff, bro
Aimin' at your head like a buffalo
What the fuck though? Where the love go?
Five, four, three, two, I let one go
Bow! Get the fuck though, I don't bluff, bro
Aimin' at your head like a buffalo



[Chorus (Condensed)]
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
'Til 3005, hol' up

[Verse 1]
Okay, hold up, wait a minute, all good just a week ago
Crew at my house and we party every weekend so
On the radio, that's my favorite song
Make me bounce around, like I don't know, like I won't be here long
Now the thrill is gone, got no patience, cause I'm not a doctor
Girl why is you lying, girl why you Mufasa
Yeah, mi casa su casa, got it stripping like Gaza
Got so high off volcanoes, now the flow is so lava
Yeah, we spit that saliva, iPhone got message from Viber
Either the head is so hydra, or we let bygones be bygones
"My God, you pay for your friends?" I'll take that as a compliment
Got a house full of homies, why I feel so the opposite?
Incompetent ain't the half of it
Saturdays we're Young Lavish-ing
Saddest shit, is I'm bad as it
Beans they took from the cabinet (Whoa)
Sorry, I'm just scared of the future
'Til 3005, I got your back, we can do this, hold up

[Pre-Chorus]
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
'Til 3005, hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up)

[Chorus]
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
'Til 3005, hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up)

[Verse 2]
I used to care what people thought, but now I care more
I mean, nobody out here's got it figured out
So therefore, I've lost all hope of a happy ending
Depending on whether or not it's worth it, so insecure, no one's perfect
We spend it with no shame, we blow that like Coltrane
We in here like Rogaine, or leave it like Cobain
And when I'm long gone, whole crew sing a swan song
Cause we all just ticking time bombs, got a Lambo like LeBron's mom
And no matter where all of my friends go, Emily, Fam, and Lorenzo
All of them people my kinfolk, at least I think so, can't tell
'Cause when them checks clear, they're not here
'Cause they don't care, it's kinda sad but I'm laughing whatever happens
Assassins are stabbed in the back of my cabin
Labrador yapping, I'm glad that it happened, I mean it
Between us, I think there's something special, and if I lose my mental
Just hold my hand, even if you don't understand, hol' up

[Pre-Chorus]
No matter what you say or what you do (no, no)
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you (you and me)
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
'Til 3005, hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up

[Chorus]
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
'Til 3005, hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up), hol' up (hol' up)
Hol' up (hol' up)

[Post-Chorus]
Hol' up, hol' up
Hol' up, hol' up
Hol' up, hol' up
Hol' up, hol' up

[Outro]
Na—na—na, na—na—na—na—na
We did it! Yay!
Nigga, you so thirsty

[Produced by Childish Gambino, Ludwig Göransson, & Stefan Ponce]



Part 1 - VCR

[Verse 1]
I don't want to play you
I just want to tape you undressing
And I'll lay you down and record soft porn
If it's romance then it's hardcore
If it's horror, pop the popcorn
The thoughts to rape you really turns me on

[Chorus]
Press my buttons baby
Press my buttons
Press my buttons baby
Yeah
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press my buttons baby

[Verse 2]
You're my favorite show, any chance I get I try to watch
Die hard fan can't stop with the tapings
Sort of like a psycho when I can't stop with the rapings
Of the VHS, especially during sex baby

[Chorus]
Press my buttons baby
Press my buttons
Press my buttons baby
Yeah
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press my buttons baby

[Verse 3]
Ready to watch? I'm a slip it in the tape deck
But put it in slow-mo, I don't want to bust the tape yet, press play
Now this is what I call an evening
A live show, almost equivalent to the screening
Your dream movie? I'm the clearest copy
Now time for Blow, I'm Johnny deep with the rarest poppy
Snort a little, now you're getting groovy
Cause I'll kill if I find out you're watching some other movies, bitch

[Chorus]
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons
Press my buttons baby
Yeah
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press my buttons baby
Yeah
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press this
Stop!

Part 2 - Wheels

[Verse 1]
Danielle, Danielle, yeah you heard about Raquel
Well that didn't go well, let us try to make it swell
Put the beaver in the mail, we can take it slow like snail
Lock my heart up, this is jail, throw away the key

[Chorus]
Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um

[Verse 2]
We can kick it on the couch, blunt you can roll it up
But I'm on some shrooms if you really want to feel the room
I just want to kick it, kick it for the rest
I skated all day, I just need some rest and your breasts

[Chorus]
Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um

[Verse 3]
We can count the stars on the hood of your father's car
He's a buster anyway, I can take him any day
Look into your eyes I realize that I like you so much
That was corny, now I'm horny, can I have a kiss?

[Chorus]
Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um

[Verse 4]
We both teenagers with the same mind state
How about some ice cream and some South Park for this first date?
Your cat is waiting for that raw fish I can't wait, get it?

[Chorus]
Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um



[Verse 1]
Writing on the floor of a Chinese restaurant
Crown on my hip like Simon Petrikov
Thought of a song called 'Thinking of Master Plans'
Reagan and Rakim drinking in Amsterdam
Cafe back room meeting with cancer man
Engineering project black astronaut
The first scene in the film Prometheus
I wrote a brand new story that starts from there
Just need some help with the financing
I ain't got nobody to pitch it to

[Hook]
My friends are superheros
None of us have very much money though
They can fly, run fast, read Portuguese
None of us have very much money though
They know judo and yoga, photography, politics
Some of them leap over buildings
Writers, magicians, comedians, astronauts
None of it mattered when niggas was hungry
My friends are superheros
None of us have very much money though
They wear the same underwear as billionaires
None of us have very much money though
Hustlers, beatmakers, drug dealers, sculptors
Ego-maniacal authors and bloggers
Some of them talk to the animals
None of it mattered when niggas was hungry


[Bridge]
That shit's not valuable
Come say it to my face
That shit's not valuable
Come say it to my face
It's all disposable
Come say it to my face

[Verse 2]
I was hoping this device might cure my remembering
I'm eighty-seven percent sure I invented it
High adrenaline I'm rapping on the cake boss
Name on the dressing room, so I ain't lost
Commencing countdown takeoff
Another sound stage, rehearsing a fake space walk
Lil' Wayne is an ancient African
Jay-Z's been around since the 20s though
The only new ones is Lil' B and One Be Lo
We only got a hundred months to go
Until your hometown's covered under tons of snow
It goes one, two, three, four, five little Indians
When it's all over I survive on the Pentium
Chips, cinnamon flavored memory sticks
And I'll flash, take a picture
Cause I won't remember

[Bridge]
That shit's not valuable
Come say it to my face
That shit's disposable
Come say it to my face
It's not authentic though
Come say it to my face
That's so ingenuine
Come say it to my face

[Hook]
My friends are superheros
None of us have very much money though
They can fly, run fast, read Portuguese
None of us have very much money though
They can make hair grease out of fruits and herbs
None of us have very much money though
They can take selfies like Dubuffet
None of us have very much money though



[Intro: Matt Champion]
"Yo, get—[censored]—turn that shit over boy!"

[Verse 1: Matt Champion]
¿Cómo se dice? Don't touch on me with them dedos
I minimize all your credentials, I maximize all of my pesos
I want that dance that can do it, give it to me straight, don't dilute it
I'm one-handed like Odell, numb the pain like Orajel
Up and down like gopher bear, hand on me like "Oh, well"
What that smell like, oh, Chanel? Way too deep like depths in hell
Need a smoking shot of whiskey, down this bitch like, oh, they prissy
Talking smack, oh, don't get lippy, love on you, oh, don't forget me

[Chorus]
Coming like—ee, ee, ee, ee, woah, woah, woah
Take it like—ee, ee, ee, ee, woah, woah, woah
Talkin' em—ee, ee, ee, ee, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no

[Verse 2: Dom McLennon]
Radiation is present, got my reflection iridescent
Every little moment I step in, might shift the planets direction
Glitch in the system is present
You might wanna check the connection
I don't give a fuck about freshmans
I don't give a fuck about veterans
If your perception ain't ascending, it's no reason for extension
Of my energy, this shit only happens once in a century
It's elementary when all you speak is rudimentary
Paradiddles hidden in riddles vapid and accessory
So please don't get it mistaken, opportunities taken
Didn't want to be patient, we had to fight for this thing
Ain't no acting complacent, they disrespect been too blatant
We claim this spot from the basement, so tell me who you again
Oh you was this, you was that?
But now you washed and you hate it?
You taking shots with revolvers, I got two drones at the station
Hit the button, they might come and leave your legacy vacant
You paved a path we didn't want to get demolished with aging

[Verse 3: bearface, Kevin Abstract]
We get money, get dough
Dame más mi princesa says so (ayy)
Even though my teeth not gold
Baby girl know our pockets drip folds (woo! woo! woo! woo!)
We get money, get dough
Dame más mi princesa says so (ayy)
Even though my teeth not gold
Baby girl know our pockets drip folds

[Outro: Kevin Abstract]
Money on my-, money on my-
Niggas that I-, niggas that I-
We said what's up-, we said what's up-
Message that I-, message that I-
Call her brother-, call her brother-
Niggas lookin'-, niggas lookin'-
Let my niggas-, Let my niggas-
Niggas with that-, niggas with that-

[Chorus]
Ee, ee, ee, ee, woah, woah, woah
Talkin' 'bout—ee, ee, ee, ee, woah, woah, woah
Talkin' em—ee, ee, ee, ee, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no

[Outro]
Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo!



[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I wish all wack niggas'd get out the game
You can't con me, that’s half my name
And if you had any brains you wouldn't wanna lose half your brain
By hating on players in the game
Wack nigga, the beat go, “Duh-duh-da”
And then your flow go way the fuck off
I kill y'all niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips
But I'm not trying to cause commotion
And have my niggas bring all the toast in
I just want your girl to rub my balls with lotion
'Cause you got madder, ripped down all my posters
But you came at me like "Yo, I got the Kia with the woodgrain"
Yeah you would, lame
"On the real, in the streets I got the good name
"I got the TV" Yeah, that’s good, man

[Verse 2: Talib Kweli]
It's time to change up, my lyrics rip your frame up
Asking if I'm nice, like fucking with a chick that don't give head
That's a no-brainer
Niggas pack bangers y'all don't even know the names of
I’m about to meet the quota, you about to meet the savior
Wack nigga, you about to get shot
Fuck with Talib Kweli, that's how you get got
Word, not that I'm wilding or even promoting violence
It's just you fucking up my high, can't a nigga smoke in silence?
You wack niggas

[Hook: Kanye West & Talib Kweli]
Wake up in the morning, dawg, you just a wack niggas
I'd kill myself if I was that wack niggas
Everything you wear and rock is just wack niggas
Even if you flossing rocks, you just wack niggas
You can't do it, dawg, you's a wack niggas
Biting ass, bitch ass, trick ass wack niggas
Even your daughter says, "My Daddy's a–" wack niggas
You wack nigga!

[Bridge: Kanye West]
(In the beginning) Niggas forcing me to keep the heat up
Black strap, white handle, I got jungle fever
Black Benz, white truck and one two-seater
Wack niggas hold hands and follow the procedure
'Cause I got enough tools that one gon' leave you
If I drop enough dudes, man, one gon' reach you
If they build enough schools, man, one gon' teach you
Kanye the shit, but I ain't trying to be feces-tious

[Instrumental break]

[Bridge: Kanye West]
(In the beginning) Niggas forcing me to keep the heat up
Black strap, white handle, I got jungle fever
Black Benz, white truck and one two-seater
Wack niggas hold hands and follow the procedure
'Cause I got enough tools that one gon' leave you
If I drop enough dudes, man, one gon' reach you
If they build enough schools, man, one gon' teach you
Kanye the shit, but I ain't trying to be feces-tious

[Outro: Kanye West & Talib Kweli]
Wake up in the morning and dawg, you just a wack niggas
I’d kill myself if I was that wack niggas
Everything you wear and rock is just wack niggas
Even if you flossing rocks, you just wack niggas
Gotta name drop to get a girl naked wack niggas
Plus your ass can't sell one record wack niggas
Even your daughter says, "My Daddy's a–" wack niggas
"My Daddy's a wack nigga"



[Verse 1]
Everything I do that's not perfect
Only makes it that, that, that much more perfect
Only makes it that, that, that, that much more worth it
Only, only only, only every time when I short-circuit
Everything I do that's not perfect
Only makes it that much, much, much more perfect
Much more perfect, I need it all
I want it all, I need it all, go through it all, climb every wall
Take every fall, break every law, I need it all, I need it all
Go through every wall, take every fall, break every law
Yeah, I want it all, I want it all, I want it all
And I will have it all, and I will have it all, and I will have it all
They ain't laughin' at me, no, no, I laugh at y'all
Nah, I laugh at y'all, no, no, I laugh at y'all
Think you're laughin' at me, no, no, I laugh at y'all
Cause I want it, I want it, I want everything
I want it, everything, I want it all, I want it all, yeah, I want it all
I want it all, all the shit they talk, all the shit they write
All the shit they write, oh, I love it, all the shit they talk
All the shit they write, all that shit to say, you know I love it
Oh, I want it all, I need it all, I need it all
Give it to me right now, I want it all
I'll take it all, take every fall, break every law
Go through every wall, I don't give a fuck, I need it all



[Intro]
Turn me up!

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Step up in this bitch like (turn me up!)
I'm the one your bitch like
Yeah I'm the one your bitch like (turn me up!)
And I be talkin' shit like
I ain't scared to lose a fistfight (turn me up!)
And she grabbin' on my **** like
She wanna see if it'll fit right (turn me up!)
That's just the wave

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Chance The Rapper]
(Yeah) Waves don't die
Let me crash here for the moment, yeah
I don't need to own it
No lie
Waves don't die, baby
Let me crash here for a moment
Baby, I don't, I don't need to own you
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) (turn me up!)

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Sun don't shine in the shade, ugh (turn me up!)
Bird can't fly in a cage, ugh (turn me up!)
Even when somebody go away (turn me up!)
The feelings don't really go away
That's just the wave

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Chance The Rapper]
(Yeah) Waves don't die
Let me crash here for the moment
I don't need to own it
No lie
Waves don't die, baby
Let me crash here for a moment
Baby, I don't, I don't need to own you
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Bridge: Chris Brown]
No lie
No lie
No lie
You set the night on fire
I'm still gon' be here in the morning
No lie

[Interlude: Kid Cudi & Kanye West]
Humming

[Outro: Chris Brown]
No lie
Ooh baby, ooh baby, ooh yeah
You set the night on fire
I'm still gon' be here in the morning
No lie



Kanye West! (Swag King Cole) DJ Khaled!
Can't a young nigga get money any more? (ah)
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor (ah)
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?
Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik
I told you mahfuckas it was more than the music
In the projects one day, to Project Runway
We done heard all that loud-ass talking, we're used to it
I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid
And if you can do it better than me, then you do it!
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, we made it to the Paris news!
Don't talk about style cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you
Can't a young nigga get money any more? (ah)
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor (ah)
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?
And the whole industry want to fuck your old chick
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz
And I'll admit, I had fell in love with Kim
Around the same time she had fell in love with him
Well that's cool, baby girl, do ya thang
Lucky I ain't had Jay drop him from the team
La Familia, Roc Nation
We in the building, we still keep it basement
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you
GOOD Music, we fresh, we fresh
Anything else, we detest, detest
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts
All that said, let me ask this quest'
Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without, don't talk to me 'bout style, nigga
I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Talking 'bout clothes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Hollering 'bout some hoes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Way too cold, I promise you'll need some theraflu
(Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Get the theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh)
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh uh) Get the theraflu



[Produced by Kane Beatz]

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Man, fuck these niggas!
I'mma spare everything but these niggas
I flip the gun and gun-butt these niggas
Take the knife off the AK and cut these niggas
Yeah, and fuck these bitches
I swear I care about everything but these bitches
I don’t care, I "so what" these bitches
And I put Young Mula, baby, way above these bitches
If it ain’t broke, don’t break it
And if he ain’t shook, I’m gon' shake him
Hope I don’t look weak, cause when a wolf cry wolf
You still see that wolf's teeth, mothafucka
Futuristic handgun
If you act foul, you get two shots and one
I'm at your face like Lancôme
You niggas softer than Roseanne's son
Hey, you cannot reach me on my Samsung
I'm busy fuckin' the world and givin' the universe my damn tongue
Crazy motherfucker, I am one
But the crazy thing is, I began one
All white bricks
I’m straight like it’s jumping back to 36, nigga
Big house, long hallways
Got 10 bathrooms, I could shit all day, nigga

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
And we don’t want no problems
Ok, you’re a goon, what's a goon to a goblin?
Yeah, and Kane on the beat
I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street
Ughh, I pop that pussy
I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy
Uh huh, and we be steady mobbin'
Oh Kemosabe, big ballin' is my hobby

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
What the fuck is up? It’s Gucci Mane the G
Ask Tity Boi, no pity boy, this scar city the city boy
So icy, so no Nike boy, just Gucci, Louis, Prada, 'scuse me
"Gucci Mane keep shittin' on me, why that boy keep buyin' jewelry?"
East Atlanta cockin' hammers, bandannas on car antennas
No, we do not talk to strangers, just cut off these niggas' fingers
Gucci’s armed and dangerous, cocaine, codeine and angel dust
This AK-47 will hit ya everywhere from the ankle up
Gun same size as Nia Long, clip long as a Pringles can
4-5 Desert Eagle on me, you’ll think I'm a Eagles fan
Toni Braxton sniper rifle, make you never breathe again
Fuck that nigga, kill that nigga, bring him back, kill him again (Gucci!)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, the money is the motive
Fuck with the money, it get ugly as Coyote
Okay, I’m reloaded, better pull it if you tote it
I buy a pound, break it down and put it in a stogie
Swagger so bright, I don’t even need light
I’m with a model broad, she don’t even eat rice
But would you believe that she eat dykes?
And she asked me for a picture, so I gave her 3 strikes
Yeah, I-I’m the man around this motherfucker
I’m so hot you probably catch a tan around this motherfucker
This rap game, I got my hand around this motherfucker
Yeah I said game, but I ain’t playing around this motherfucker
Yeah, I’m the best to ever do it, bitch
And you’re the best at never doing shit
If you the shit, then I am sewerage
T-try me and I’ll have your people reading eulogies
I swear you can’t fuck with me
But I can fuck your girl and make her nut for me
Then slut for me, then kill for me, then steal for me
And of course it’ll be your cash
Then I'll murder that bitch and send her body back to your ass

[Hook]
And we don’t want no problems
Ok, you’re a goon, what's a goon to a goblin?
Yeah, and Kane on the beat
I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street
Ughh, now pop that pussy
I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy
Uh huh, and we be steady mobbin'
Oh Kemosabe, big ballin' is my hobby

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Uh, man suck my clip
Swallow my bullets, and don’t you spit
Uhh! I am the hip-hop socialist
Life is a gamble and I’m all about my poker chips
Do you want a dose of this? I will make the most of this
'F' is for ferocious, murder your associates
The top is so appropriate, this is just where I belong
Keep a hard dick for your girlfriend to wobble on, Weezy!

[Hook]
And we don’t want no problems
Ok, you’re a goon, what's a goon to a goblin?
Yeah, and Kane on the beat
I fuck around and leave a nigga's brains on the street
Ughh, I pop that pussy
I bring her to my bedroom and pop that pussy
Uh huh, and we be steady mobbin'
Oh Kemosabe, big ballin' is my hobby



[Intro: Kanye West]
("Breaking up") We can make it better
("Breaking up") We can make it better
("Breaking up") We can make it better
("Make It Up") We can make it

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Somebody told me Delta's brown-skinned, AKA's light-skinned
And they supposed to be bougie, so they got white friends
First day of school, I'ma take you sight seein'
Show you what we do on weekends for excitement
She said, "I know what you about to say, like your hype man"
Last year a nigga hit her, and now she only date white men
And if a nigga even wave at her, it's frightenin', but

[Chorus: Kanye West (Tony Williams)]
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

[Verse 2: Talib Kweli]
The night fallin' over Brooklyn where they murder for change
The converter remains faithful to the drug dealer priestess
He in search of the word of fame, you heard of the name
Kweli the truth like I'm comin' out the mouths of babes
One foot in and one foot out the grave, niggas want they reparations, how you calculate the amount to be paid?
You try to imagine America without the slaves (The slaves)

[Chorus: Kanye West (Tony Williams)]
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

[Verse 3: Q-Tip]
Good looks, Ye! Her tenement, yo, is rat infested
Her heart is like a gold bullion because she went and protested
'Cause her best friend's man got popped
He was sixteen years old, the cop thought his phone was a Glock
In the hood is an everyday happenin'
In front of the precinct, she chews out the captain
She yells out, "Why y'all do this to black men?" C'mon

[Chorus: Kanye West (Tony Williams)]
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

[Verse 4: Common]
I think of eighty-seven ways to make better days
Whether crime or rhyme, I heard the rebel pays
On the scene, tryin' to get green like everglades
The music, ridin' it good like Escalades
In the ghetto infested by shade and drama
And niggas wit' thangs ain't afraid of karma
I'm thinkin' big like Lil Wayne and Tha Carters's that-

[Chorus: Kanye West (Tony Williams)]
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

[Verse 5: Rhymefest]
C'mon, look
Tell people the truth, but never give 'em your true thoughts
Terrorism on blacks, they poison our Newports
Patriot Act in effect, make it hard to breathe now
Johnnie Cochran dead, who gonna get us "Us free" now?
Clinton ain't in office, who gon' give us shit free now?
Who gon' make it better for the thugs in the penal?
Who gon' make it good for old folks that's senile?
Oh, it's G.O.O.D. Music, yeah, dawg, I see now

[Chorus: Kanye West (Tony Williams)]
We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it



[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro]
Oh yeah...
I've got the perfect song for the kids to sing...

[Hook]
And all my people that's...
Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
We wasn't supposed to make it past 25
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say"

[Verse 1]
If this is your first time hearin' this
You are about to experience somethin' so cold, man
We never had nothin' handed, took nothin' for granted
Took nothin' from no man, man, I'm my own man
But as a shorty, I looked up to the dopeman
Only adult man I knew that wasn't broke, man
Flickin' Starter coats, man, man, you don't know, man
We don't care what people say
This is for my niggas outside all winter
'Cause this summer they ain't finna say, "Next summer, I'm finna"
Sittin' in the hood like community colleges
This dope money here is Lil' Trey's scholarship
'Cause ain't no tuition for having no ambition
And ain't no loans for sittin' your ass at home
So we forced to sell crack, rap, and get a job
You gotta do somethin' man, your ass is grown

[Hook]
Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
(Kids, sing! Kids, sing!)
We wasn't supposed to make it past 25
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say"

[Verse 2]
The second verse is for my dogs workin' 9 to 5 that still hustle
'Cause a nigga can't shine off $6.55
And everybody sellin' makeup, Jacob's
And bootlegged tapes just to get they cake up
We put shit on layaway, then come back
We claim other people kids on our income tax
We take that money, cop work, then push packs to get paid
And we don't care what people say
Momma say she wanna move South
Scratchin' lottery tickets, eyes on a new house
'Round the same time, Doe ran up in dude house
Couldn't get a job, so since he couldn't get work
He figured he'd take work
The drug game bulimic, it's hard to get weight
A nigga's money is homo, it's hard to get straight
But we gon' keep bakin' til the day we get cake
And "we don't care what people say"

[Hook]
Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
(Kids, sing! Kids, sing!)
We wasn't supposed to make it past 25
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say"

[Verse 3]
You know the kids gon' act a fool
When you stop the programs for after school
And they DCFS, some of 'em dyslexic
They favorite 50 Cent song "12 Questions"
We scream: "rocks, blow, weed, park", see, now we smart
We ain't retards, the way teachers thought
Hold up, hold fast, we make more cash
Now tell my momma I belong in that slow class
Sad enough we on welfare, they tryna put me on the school bus
With the space for the wheelchair
I'm tryna get the car with the chromie wheels here
They tryna cut our lights out like we don't live here
Look what was handed us, fathers abandoned us
When we get them hammers, go on, call the ambulance
Sometimes I feel no one in this world understands us
But "we don't care what people say," my niggas

[Hook]
Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
(Kids, sing! Kids, sing!)
We wasn't supposed to make it past 25
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say"



[Verse 1: Kevin Abstact]
They split my world into pieces, I ain't heard from my nieces
I been feeling defeated, like I'm the worst in the boyband
I ain't sleep in some weekends, tryna headline both weekends
Leave my niggas, y'all sheepin', I keep the world in my hands
I know accounts should be deleted
I know some niggas should stop hitting my phone
Whenever they needing money or favors done
'Cause I'm still worried 'bout when Ashlan finna put the razor down
So I don't really give a fuck about what story they done spun
And I ain't done (No, no) Yeah (Tell something)
And I ain't done, you heard me? I ain't done
(Yeah, I'm screaming ohh, oh-ohh, oh-oh)
I really miss the old days before the cosigns
I really miss them cold days before the road signs
I really miss when I ain't know which way I was supposed to head
And I was pressed because my shawty gave me cold signs
I was writing poems 'bout her, dawg, in study hall
And she was mad 'cause I never wanna show her off (Scared)
And every time she took her bra off my dick would get soft
I thought I had a problem, kept my head inside a pillow screaming

[Bridge: Kevin Abstract]
I don't wanna waste no more time
I'm ready to go
I put my life on standby
I can leave you alone

[Scratches: Kevin Abstract]

[Verse 2: Joba]
'Cause we're born with a dollar sign attached to our temple
Life is a dish served cold most times
And all my life I've taken handfuls
Force-fed by the hand that feeds us
But not all hands created equal
I stand by, waiting for something good to come
In due time, the skies will split for the sun to smile

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
My mother called me today
She said she thought she felt my energy a country away
I apologized for not calling enough due to weight
But couldn't tell you if I kept it in my head to decay
I asked her "Why this world love echoing hate?"
She said "Don't let those who don't know you start dictating your fate"
I think the hardest part of love could be rebuilding the breaks
Conditioned to omit them until our foundation will shake
It's no debate
The road to peace is filled with snakes, you gotta keep your cool
And recognize the wolves that wanna try and leave you wool
Don't let 'em treat you like a window, you know you're a jewel
This world is cruel and not as simple as they teach in schools
Sometimes you gotta step away and check your own intentions
And analyze if what they do can compromise your vision
If people trust you, they don't need to question your decisions
You never needed them if they make you another villain

[Interlude: Sammy Jo, Joba]
(Pressure) "They tried to take the bike. And they took my friend's bike and then my friend was gonna get it back but then he didn't get it back and then we had to go to the police station. And then, um, then some  (Pressure) random stranger brought back his bike. We just, you know, and we didn't tell our mums so we got in trouble (Pressure makes me—) because they found out like a day later—"
(Do you want to start the game again?)

[Verse 4: Joba]
Pressure makes me lash back, wish I could get past that
I can't take a step back, makes me wish you'd pass that
Pressure makes me lash back, wish I could get past that
I can't take a step back, makes me wish you'd pass that
("Take it all or leave it.")
Pressure makes, pressure makes, pressu—
Wish I could, wish I could, wish I—
I can't take, I can't take, I can't—
Makes me wish, makes me wish, makes me—
Pressure makes, pressure makes, pressu—
Wish I could, wish I could, wish I—
I can't take, I can't take, I can't—
Makes me wish, makes me wish, makes me—

[Outro: Joba]
Sipping on my pain, smoking by my pain
Ingesting my pain, I just wanna play
Sipping on my pain, smoking by my pain
Ingesting my pain, I just wanna play
("Take it all or leave it.")
Sipping on my (Sipping on my), smoking by my (Smoking by my)
Ingesting my (ingesting my), I just wanna (I just wanna)
Sipping on my (Sipping on my), smoking on my (Smoking by my)
Ingesting my (ingesting my), I just wanna (I just wanna)



Kanye (verse):
My friend showed me pictures of his kids
And all i could show him was pictures of my cribs
He said his daughter got a brand new report card
And all i got was a brand new sports car

Kid cudi (chorus):
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions I gotta get with it
Ohhoo ohhoo
Ohhhhoooo
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions I gotta get with it
Ohhoo ohhoo
Ohhhhoooo

Kanye(verse):
Dad cracked a joke all the kids laughed
But i couldn't hear 'em all the way in first class
Chased the good life my whole life long
Look back on my life and my life gone... where did I go wrong?

Kid cudi (chorus):
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions I gotta get with it
Ohhoo ohhoo
Ohhhhoooo
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions I gotta get with it
Ohhoo ohhoo
Ohhhhoooo

Kanye (Bridge):
I seen it
I seen it before (+ 3x)

Kanye (verse):
My god-sister getting married by the lake
But I couldn't figure out who I wanna take
Bad enough that i showed up late
I had to leave before they even cut the cake
Welcome to heartbreak

Kid cudi (chorus):
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions I gottaget with it
Ohhoo ohhoo
Ohhhhoooo
And my head keeps spinning
I can't keep having these visions I gotta get with it
Ohhoo ohhoo
Ohhhhoooo
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions I gottaget with it
Ohhoo ohhoo
Ohhhhoooo
Ohhhhoooo
Ohhoooo
Ohhoooo

Kanye (outro):
And I, and I can't stop
No, no I can't stop
No, no, no, no, I can't stop
No, no, no, no, I can't stop
I can't stop
I can't stop
I can't stop
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no
No, no, I can't stop
Can't stop having these visions
I gotta get with it
Ohhoo ohhoo
Ohhhhoooo



[Verse 1: Kanye West]
My friend showed me pictures of his kids
And all I could show him was pictures of my cribs
He said his daughter got a brand new report card
And all I got was a brand new sports car, oh

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Dad cracked a joke, all the kids laughed
But I couldn't hear him all the way in first class
Chased the good life my whole life long
Look back on my life and my life gone
Where did I go wrong?

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it

[Interlude: Kanye West]
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
My god-sister getting married by the lake
But I couldn't figure out who I'd wanna take
Bad enough that I showed up late
I had to leave before they even cut the cake
Welcome to heartbreak

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it

[Outro: Kanye West]
And I and I can't stop
No, no, I can't stop
No, no, no, no, I can't stop
No, no, no, no, I can't stop
Can't stop, I can't stop, I can't stop
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no
No, no, I can't stop
I can't stop having these visions
I gotta get with it



[Produced by Jon Brion, Kanye West & Warryn Campbell]

[Chorus: Really Doe]
You muh'fuckers better do your job and roll up
And watch how we roll up
An', I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that 'gnac, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazin is how I keep blazin'
Towel under the door, We smoke until the day's end
Puff puff and pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotiq for Henny? Now nigga that's a chaser
Turn nuttin to somethin, now pimpin that's a savior
Best things are green now pimpin get your paper
High off the ground from stair to skyscraper
Cool out, thinkin we local, c'mon, homie, we major

[Post Chorus: Kanye West]
We major? C'mon, homie, we major
We major? C'mon, homie, we major
We major! C'mon, homie, we major
We major! C'mon

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Feelin better than some head on a Sunday afternoon
Better than a chick that say yes too soon
Until you have a daughter that's what I call karma
And you pray to God she don't grow breasts too soon
Projects to' up, gang signs is thrown up
Niggas hats broke off, that's how we grow up
Why else you think shorties write rhymes just to blow up?
Get they first car and then IRS show up
He ain't never had shit, but he had that 9
Nigga come through flickin and he had that shine
Put 2 and 2 together and a little bad weather
Gon' be your whole family on that funeral line
Asked the reverend was the strip clubs cool
If my tips helped send a pretty girl through school
That's all I want, like winos want they good whiskey
I ain't in the Klan but I brought my hood with me

[Chorus: Really Doe]
You muh'fuckers better do your job and roll up
And watch how we roll up
An', I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that 'gnac, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazin is how I keep blazin'
Towel under the door, We smoke until the day's end
Puff puff and pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotiq for Henny? Now nigga that's a chaser
Turn nuttin to somethin, now pimpin that's a savior
Best things are green now pimpin get your paper
High off the ground from stair to skyscraper
Cool out, thinkin we local, c'mon, homie, we major

[Post Chorus: Nas]
We major? C'mon, homie, we major
We major? C'mon, homie, we major
We major! C'mon, homie, we major
We major! C'mon, homie, we major

[Verse 2: Nas]
I heard the beat and I ain't know what to write
First line should it be about the hoes or the ice?
Fo-fo's or Black Christ? Both flows'd be nice
Rap about big paper or the black man plight
At the studio console, asked my man to the right
What this verse sound like, should I freestyle or write?
He said, "Nas what the fans want is Illmatic, still"
Looked at the pad and pencil, and jotted what I feel
Been like twelve years since a nigga first signed
Now I'm a free agent and I'm thinkin it's time
To build my very own Motown
Cause rappers be deprived, of executive 9 to 5's
And it hurts to see these companies be stealin the life
And I love to give my blood sweat and tears to the mic
So y'all copped the LP's and y'all fiends got dealt
I'm Jesse Jackson on the balcony when King got killed
I survived the livest niggas around
Lasted longer than more than half of you clowns
Look, I used to cook before I had the game took
Either way my change came like Sam Cooke

[Bridge: Tony Williams]
Feeling better than I ever felt before today
Like better late than never; it's orientation
Still we can make it better throwing all your cares away

[Chorus: Really Doe]
You muh'fuckers better do your job and roll up
And watch how we roll up
An', I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that 'gnac, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazin is how I keep blazin'
Towel under the door, We smoke until the day's end
Puff puff and pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotiq for Henny? Now nigga that's a chaser
Turn nuttin to somethin, now pimpin that's a savior
Best things are green now pimpin get your paper
High off the ground from stair to skyscraper
Cool out, thinkin we local c'mon homie we major

[Hook: Kanye West + (Nas)]
We major? (C'mon homie we major)
We major? (C'mon homie we major)
We major (C'mon homie we major)
We major

[Bridge: Tony Williams]
Feeling better than I ever felt before today
But better late than never; it's orientation
Still we can make it better throwing all your cares away

[Spoken: Kanye West]
Can I talk my shit again?
Can I talk my shit again?!
I can't believe I'm back up in this muh'fucker
I'mma be late though
I gotta figure out what I'm finna wear
Yeah... the Roc is definitely in the building
GOOD Music's definitely in the building
I gotta say what's up to Tony Williams
On the vocals! Sings, he sings quite beautifully
Don't you agree? Don't you agree?
Uhh, and Jon Brion on the keys right now
And Warryn Campbell on the keys right now
So they ask me: "Why you call it Late Registration, 'Ye?"
Cause we takin these muh'fuckers back to school
If you know this part right here, feel free to sing along

[Bridge: Tony Williams + Kanye West]
Feeling better than I ever felt before today (If you feelin good)
But better late than never; it's orientation (It's orientation)
Still we can make it better throwing all your cares away
We want you to get used to this
Uhh, they can't do what we do baby
Uh-uh, uh-uh, they can't do what we do baby
Uh-uh, uh-uh, they can't do what we do baby
Yeah



[Verse 1: Busdriver]
How could you call yourself the best rapper
You in a cover band that’s playing Sledgehammer
In your cupped hands is pet hamster
Your genitals are sitting on wet pampers
Holdup while I test this red snapper
Militant like a pledged Panther
I hunt big name nigga, I collect antlers
And you got bitch problems, breast cancer
Hellfyre Club we the wrong set to slander
We’ll make you eat a crepe filled with Chia pet dander
And I always stay on the set with cameras
I go Herzog, nigga you dead like Dirt Dog
All you movie-making lames in the booty-shaking vein
On the moving gravy train are left in excruciating pain
Because I’m in the house, you be like “which house?”
I make Witch-House up at your bitch’s house
Wearing nothing but a Speedo and a pig snout
Y’all must have pricks and ovums
Jocking me like I’m Chris Nolan
My scathing critique of your shit leaves your script molten
Because you want to drive porches through the Waterloos
Have a home like the Fortress of Solitude
So on-set to snort shit through a hollow tube
But at the end you’re just gorgeous piranha food

[Verse 2: Open Mike Eagle]
He's Herzog, I'm P.T. Anderson
At your premiere I snuck 3-D cameras in
I bootlegged your shit for the downtrodden
Cause you got your film degree at a clown college
You use brown polish, like a white racist
And shoot titles in Sans Serif typefaces
Take ten paces, and yell "Fire!"
I nail you to a big board like Mel Kiper
No secret, I'll tell you why I smell wiser
I got a bunch of girls pregnant cause I sell diapers
And I'm a god-damned genius
The Marc Maron a dark-skinned art baron
Smart like lucky kids who get born to smart parents
Who feed them locally-grown farmer's market cart carrots
I eat fair trade cheese and fart fairness

[Hook]
I...go...Werner...Herzog
I...go...Werner...Herzog
I...go...Herzog
Which means I get large spread art cred smart heads are fed

[Verse 3: Nocando]
Skip the introduction, buddy I'm not mingling
Hoes on my dick cause I look like John Singleton
Cut like Tarantino with his big-ass machete
Once I read my notebook, word to Nick Cassavetes
Twelve frames, half a second, Clockwork, Stanley Kubrick
A rap session I'll put my nose in, I can't be Buddhist
I learned my lesson, I'm really a savvy student
But dark like Tim Burton, and look fit like a thin person
But I'm just a happy human
Before I see a stupid rom-com with a nice chick
I might get, the right grip, to set up a light rig
Attach a GoPro to the po-po's nightstick
And assault him with an icepick -- and ask him how he likes it
Excuse me -- unhhh -- my swag sharted
I feel like Shaft with a shag on shag carpet
These rappers aren't factors they're actors with no SAG cards in
They think they're the truth but they that gossip rag garbage
Written shit or freestyle, homie I'm that murderous
Remember me? I used to enter them rap tournaments
Breaking niggas' spirits like a bag full of glass ornaments
Well bitch it's time to eat now, show me where craft service is
Thinking out loud like an introspective extrovert
If I play the background I'm directing, not that extra work
Bust that 16 but I decided to put in extra work
To make them strippers drop it super mega-low and extra twerk
Rappers say they don't hate, but most of 'em do
I feed off it like Vigo in Ghostbusters 2
I can roll up your crew, or throat-fuck your boo
Whatever transpires is so up to you
Lights Camera Action
The whip is fully covered so I might have to crash it
Getting southpaw HJ's from a right-handed ratchet
The airbag deploys
The credits start to roll
How anti-climactic
...
Hellfyre



[Produced by Flying Lotus & Ronald "Flippa" Colson
Additional production by Sounwave & Thundercat]

[Sample: Boris Gardiner]
Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star
Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star
Every nigga is a star, ayy
Who will deny that you and I and every nigga is a star?

[Intro: Josef Leimberg]
Hit me!
When the four corners of this cocoon collide
You’ll slip through the cracks hopin' that you’ll survive
Gather your wit, take a deep look inside
Are you really who they idolize?
To pimp a butterfly

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
At first, I did love you
But now I just wanna fuck
Late nights thinkin' of you
Until I get my nut
Tossed and turned, lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned, all across the board
Destroyed, but what for?

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
When I get signed, homie, I'ma act a fool
Hit the dance floor, strobe lights in the room
Snatch your little secretary bitch for the homies
Blue-eyed devil with a fat-ass monkey
I'ma buy a brand new Caddy on fours
Trunk the hood up, two times, deuce-four
Platinum on everythin', platinum on weddin' ring
Married to the game and a bad bitch chose
When I get signed, homie, I'ma buy a strap
Straight from the CIA, set it on my lap
Take a few M-16s to the hood
Pass 'em all out on the block, what's good?
I'ma put the Compton swap meet by the White House
Republican run up, get socked out
Hit the prez with a Cuban link on my neck
Uneducated, but I got a million-dollar check like that

[Refrain: Thundercat & George Clinton]
We should've never gave
We should've never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
We should've never gave
We should've never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
(Everybody get out)

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar, Thundercat & George Clinton]
At first, I did love you (Love you)
But now I just wanna fuck (I just wanna fuck)
Late nights thinkin' of you (Of you)
Until I get my nut ('TilI I get my nut)
Tossed and turned, lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned, all across the board (Across the board)
Destroyed, but what for?

[Break: Dr. Dre]
Yo, what's up? It's Dre
Remember the first time you came out to the house?
You said you wanted a spot like mine
But remember, anybody can get it
The hard part is keepin' it, motherfucker

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
What you want you? A house or a car?
Forty acres and a mule, a piano, a guitar?
Anythin', see, my name is Uncle Sam, I'm your dog
Motherfucker, you can live at the mall
I know your kind (That's why I'm kind)
Don't have receipts (Oh, man, that's fine)
Pay me later, wear those gators
Cliché? Then say, "Fuck your haters"
I can see the baller in you, I can see the dollar in you
Little white lies, but it's no white-collar in you
But it's whatever though because I'm still followin' you
Because you make me live forever, baby
Count it all together, baby
Then hit the register and make me feel better, baby
Your horoscope is a gemini, two sides
So you better cop everything two times
Two coupes, two chains, two C-notes
Too much ain't enough, both we know
Christmas, tell 'em what's on your wish list
Get it all, you deserve it, Kendrick
And when you hit the White House, do you
But remember, you ain't pass economics in school
And everything you buy, taxes will deny
I'll Wesley Snipe your ass before thirty-five

[Bridge: George Clinton & Kendrick Lamar]
Yeah, lookin' down, it's quite a drop (It's quite a drop, drop, drop)
Lookin' good when you're on top (When you're on top, you got it)
You got a medal for us
Leavin' metaphors metaphysically in a state of euphoria
Look both ways before you cross my mind

[Refrain: Thundercat & George Clinton]
We should've never gave
We should've never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
We should've never gave
We should've never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home

[Outro]
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'



[Intro: Saba]
And I’m from the part of the city that they don’t be talking about
Austin my grandmama house
Madhouse on Madison, middle school graduate
Coulda been traffickin'
But I would rather do better than my uncle had it
My head to the sky like a Jesse White backflip

[Hook: Saba]
Westside nigga go crazy
Westside nigga go crazy
Westside nigga go crazy

[Verse 1: Saba]
And I’m from the part of the city that they don’t be talking about
Austin my grandmama house
Madhouse on Madison, middle school graduate
Coulda been traffickin'
But I would rather do better than my uncle had it
My head to the sky like a Jesse White backflip
Slept on the palette
Promised my momma I'd turn it to palace
My granny house was right by Wallace’s Catfish
Corner but lo and behold when its below zero and you watch your best friend hit the corner
And now I no longer even know him
Used to hoop daily we thought we was Jordan
He went on to high school but dropped out a junior
I went on to college he we went on a shooter he went on to juvi
I went out on tour
Bicycle with the juice in the wheel if you was a real nigga
We wouldn’t have to hear ya keep proving yourself 'cause who really cares bout
What side or block your reppin
Your whereabouts will keep you seperate
All lost some niggas to some weapons
Thats why I’m walking like I’m welcome
Hennessy bet they’ll buy that
Just to pour it on the curb
We blinded like an eyepatch
Til your boy is in a hearse
Where the westside at? Shouts the thugs shouts the nerds
Shout the kids claiming Chiraq know you born in the burbs boy

[Hook]
Westside nigga go crazy
Westside nigga go crazy
Westside nigga go crazy
Westside nigga go crazy

[Verse 2: Saba]
And I'm from the part of the city that they don't be talking about
I gave the west side a new meaning
I took it to the Europeans
The police took my nigga freedom I probably be in there with him
Cause honestly I think just like all my niggas
And honestly I should’ve reached out to Twista like aye bro I got one I need you on this one
Austin, Division, ironic that that's the divide
Below the poverty line
My mother was on the southside
ZMoney told me hit his line
I caught the bus off of Pine
I say my words double time
Knock on wood I have not ever been robbed
But a few niggas tried on the train on my way to school a couple times

[Hook]
Westside nigga go crazy
Westside nigga go crazy
Westside nigga go crazy
Westside nigga go crazy

[Verse 3: Joseph Chilliams]
And I’m from a part of the city I was sitting on my front porch when I saw my first tittie
Proud to throw the westside up when I was five watching Pac dissing Biggie
Whole fit off of Madison eating Uncle Remus fuck a Whole Foods
Shorty used to act like Stone Cold flipping niggas off cracking cold brews
Westside prep was my old school
The block was hot like Suzanne Somers
Seen someone that got hit with a shotty walk a block while he shitted his body
Cops came started lifting his body
I went back to watching NickToons
Watch your back when its mid june
You can always be my big spoon
Know you in the hood when you see the poles with the blue lights steady flashing like cheerleader clothes I remember letters in the first grade cause of GDs and fours
Mama speaking in code tryna get a job at the store
Never gonna get it like En Vogue
All my westside niggas go

[Skit: Stunt Taylor]
On my bucket list, I want ten million dollars in my bank account
And I want to fuck ten bitches at the same time
This your boy, Stunt Taylor



[Verse 1: Tyler]
You see how it is when you pick a new pet

How can you make up your mind what to get

But what if we took one of each kind of pet then our home would be full of the pets we would get

[Interlude: Jimmy Kimmel & Tyler)
Jimmy:
Tyler
Hey man how you doing ?
It's good to have you here

Tyler:
Hey Jimmy
You look nice

Jimmy:
Oh thanks
I was thinking that, uh, maybe if you just did it a little more, I don't know, like rhythmically, you know what I'm saying

Tyler:
Ohhhhh, okay, okay
Like a...?


Jimmy:
Like a rap, like kinda

Tyler:
Alright
Cool, cool

Jimmy:
Yeah, cool...
Alright

[Verse 2: Tyler]
NO !
Dad, would be mad, if we don't choose
We will end up with none
Jimmy...?

[Interlude: Jimmy Kimmel & Tyler)
Jimmy:
Uh, Tyler

Tyler:
You look nice

Jimmy:
Thank you
I guess what I, you know I just was hoping it would have more

What is the word I'm looking for, uh

I don't know what the word I'm looking for is

Tyler:
SWAGG ?

Jimmy:
No, not swagg...FLOW

Tyler:
Matthew McConaughey, no?

Jimmy:
No, not Matthew McConaughey

But, a little more flow, so like it would rhyme

Like pet, should I get

Tyler:
Ohhh, okay

I think I got it

(Speaking to crowd) you guys think I got it?

{Crowd cheers !}

[Verse 3: Tyler]
Okay, Um

I'll do it right now, I'll do what I said

I'll make up my mind, that's up in my head

The dog or a rabbit, the fish and the cat

I'll pick it up fast and that was this and that was that

Jimmy Kimmel this segment was whack

[Outro: Jimmy Kimmel]
No, that was good, that was actually really good
You did a lot better at the end
I think we really have something here
Dr. Seuss would be really proud
WAIT, aren't you supposed to drop the mic...I guess I'll just drop it, alright



[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro: Tyler, the Creator + A$AP Rocky]
I'm not crazy, I'm a fuck.. oh shit!
Floopy goober, motherfucker, floopy fuckin' goober
They ain't ready for what we 'bout to bring back!
They ain't ready for Tyler with the green hat!
They ain't ready for the Wang$ap, niggas!
Fuck is niggas talkin' 'bout, nigga?
We gon' die legends!

[Verse 1: Tyler, the Creator (A$AP Rocky)]
I hope you stackin', I hope you puttin' some money to the side
My nigga, and payin' your taxes (Yeah)
I hope you not incriminatin' you and your niggas
On songs if you're trappin', I hope you dressin' yourself
And not followin' niggas opinions on fashion
I hope them cars that you drivin' ain't rented
Just to get some comments on 'Gram
Oh shit, they are, because you not the man
Low self-esteem, hide it in lean (Yeah), Xan every meal
You fuckin' weak and you robbin' your plug? (Yeah)
You ain't got no plan, but I'm not here to judge
Cause apparently you're doin' your thing
(Talk your shit, Young Nigga!)
(Woo) I know they see me
Your pants got a flood, a little bit Katrina
Oh you wearin' Vans and Supreme this season?
Stop lyin' to yourself, nigga, me the reason
(Ahh! Right now nigga) Uh, right now
A little gooey with some nice sounds
This little groupie want the pipe now
Yeah, she eatin' coochie, kinda dyke now, uh
Got a new dirt bike, wow
And it match the go-kart, go SKRRT now (Talk your shit!)
I really want the La Ferrar', but shit...
Can't you lower the price down?

[Chorus: A$AP Rocky]
What the fuck right now? (Ayy, ayy)
What the fuck right now? (Ayy)
Right now, nigga! Right now, nigga!
Right now, nigga! Right now!

[Verse 2: Tyler, the Creator]
Cause I'm not one
When it come to a vision, they ain't got one
Rolling Stone never gave me a cover so...
Ummm... so I shot one!
I ain't do college, I said fuck them lessons
I ain't join no gang, I said fuck them weapons
Grabbed the keyboard, Clancy crossed my path
Cashed my first check and said fuck depression, nigga
Nigga what you scared for?
Everybody lean, everybody gang though
Nigga you a new slave, I'm an old one
Thanks to Ben Yang, still walk around with chains on, like
You ain't seen no shit like mine
You ain't seen no dick like mine
(Nah, pause)

[Chorus: A$AP Rocky]
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now? (Right now!)
What the fuck right now? (Golf Wang, nigga!)
What the fuck right now? (A$AP Gang, nigga!)
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
(These niggas don't even understand! Goddamn, man!)

[Verse 3: Tyler, the Creator]
Tell you dickheads I'ma go nuts, niggas told me to grow up
So I matured to a V10, I'm in a vacant lot doin' donuts
(Skrrt, skrrt) There go my ego, Leggo my Eggo
Never sip syrup, shout my nigga Scooty
Y'all don't want beef, let us know he can eat that bread
Cause he pushin' that mayo, fuego
(OW!) Respect when you see him
Boy, last album was a musical museum
Somethin' always lost with you niggas like Liam
Neeson, boy, you better run (yeah!)
Here I come, snortin' glitter, portrait pictures
I don't run with many cause their walk is bitter
Niggas mad at T, where the tall freckled white boys at?
Cause I don't fuck with niggas
That's not my homie, that's not my woadies
That's not my team, nigga, they're benchwarmers
I am a stormer, I am a trooper
I am a Koopa, bring the losses now, you assume as I moved it
I run the business, I do not got time for niggas' opinions
They fuckin' stupid, don't need 'em, don't want 'em
I drop 'em, they're deadweight, them niggas useless
Neck heavy like mothafuckin' bad news
Thanks to Ben Baller, walkin' with a hunchback
I got a new white one that I worked hard for
So the doors on my car doin' jump jacks (riiiight)
My big bro Frankie got a Porsche (hanh?)
My little brother Taco got a Bimmer
If you see 'em around me, they eatin'
We all good, it's like FEMA, but of course

[Interlude: A$AP Rocky]
Get money, nigga! Get money!
All you funny lookin' niggas, back the fuck up!
Ayy, ayy, ayy, man

[Bridge: Tyler, the Creator]
I wanted to add this
I sit in room with a to do list
Proceed to do and play acoustics, you
Sit around and look at me feelin' foolish
Rollin' up and make excuses, fuckin' losers

[Outro: A$AP Rocky]
Fuck them niggas! Ayy man, ayy man!
Ayy I just got one mothafuckin' question
Why the fuck these niggas wanna look like me now?
Why the fuck these hoes wanna fuck a nigga like me now?
Why the fuck these niggas frontin' like niggas ain't been invented the swag they runnin' with?
Why the fuck is niggas actin' like niggas ain't the originators of this shit?
Man I tell these niggas they can die and suck a dick!
How was that? Cool?



[Intro + Hook]
All that we wanted
Were laws to defy
You can keep these streets
Me, I'll take these skies
But all our beliefs
Turned out to be lies
So, blink me, blink me away from here x2
(Tell em')

Blink, blink, blink, blink
Blink me, blink me away from here x2

[Verse 1: Open Mike Eagle]
Sipping lukewarm water outta open grenades
Rocking a fresh Sam Kinison coat and beret
High School pep rally yelling vote for Bernade
Drowning my vocals in that broken delay (yyeeaahh!)
Let's celebrate solitude, grand prize gold plated ‘lectronic pocket
So cool when I swim all the Manatees die
I learned my cool tricks from Nick off of Family Ties
And so I'm leanin'
My crucifix  earring gleaming
There's cotton 'round the frame dream sequence
I talk real low like genius (left alone)
Yeah, so don't walk this direction
House party playing Twister on a autism spectrum
Dark poor and lazy
Till I dye my eyebrows like Martin Scorsese
And all of a sudden y'all respect my art form, crazy
Huh, who'd to thunk it?
Started a new food service called "Chicken and the Crumpets"
Saw ya moms and guitars sitting licking on the trumpets (oh)
Cuz your mothers disgusting

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Busdriver]
Feeling so inadequate on a stretch of Crescent heights
Those aren't stars above me man, those are check your engine lights
And all of my fondest memories compressed to precious megabytes
So I mad to christ tabs[?]
As I address heads on pikes
Everybody's been sentenced to death in the computer lounge
My lady’s got serial numbers scrawled on her pubic mound
Dance crowds wearing death shrouds roaming in this music town
But another pollutants dissipate when I'm zonin'
My nigga it all makes sense when I'm zonin' (left alone)
And all my time is spent treating home studios like panic rooms
So rare and colorful pantaloons that turns into a pay day
Now I vay-cay in the Cameroons
I grew flowers in the sand and do [?]
So on my face the camera zooms
But when the cloud of antimatter bloom
Was from a wasted afternoon those florists become fascist goons
Employers become fascist goons
Ya get me? (na dude)
Treatin' my niggas like the rashest coons
Handed this rash with the plastic spoons, come on

[Distorted Second Part of the Hook]
(I mean sometimes I need
I really just wanna disappear)

[Hook]



[Produced by RZA and Kanye West]

[Hook]
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh

[Verse 1]
Trying to sneak upstairs to your apartment
Aren't you a sight for red eyes?
I just flew in and slipped in on your left side
Just a satin gown, you asleep with no make-up
I'm just tryna be inside you 'fore you wake up

[Hook]
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh

[Verse 2]
We had problems but it's all in the past
Everybody got problems, baby, algebra class
Remember I used to do things that'd make you laugh
Like orderin' a girl drink in a masculine glass?
You like piña coladas, getting caught in the rain
Or rocking flannels all summer like Kurt Cobain
Or that Dolce Gabbana with a few gold chains
And you the type of girl that probably deserve a new last name
But, they never let us do our thing
Everybody lying on who I bang
We was on fire but they blew our flame
Ain't no denying, baby, you have changed
'Cause now your high heels clicking, your lip gloss glisten
Your hips start switching, you're pissed off, tripping
'Cause even when we're kissing, baby girl feel different
Friends all diss him like, "No he didn't?
No he didn't, is you talking about Kitten?
Is that bitch still stripping?
Trying to get a pair of Christians?"
I swear to God that they got you going crazy
But you play it off and say, "How is work, baby?"
Well, some of the models is too coked up to walk straight
But seem to still love the man that they all hate
But babe, I call you back and say that you say that always
And kept me on the phone and demanded they all wait
See, she knew about all my lies the whole time
And my credit's so bad I can't get no one to cosign
I would've thought she would've bust in the door cryin'
But she upped and left a nigga and she ain't give me no sign
Now, she back in the club in a tight dress
With dreams of someday wearing a white dress
Seen with some lame, it's a miracle that she'd
Talk to a nigga with a ten-year ago swag
Plus I don't like none of her girlfriends
Quote unquote, "'Cause her girlfriends got girlfriends"
On the phone, hollin' that "Niggas is whatever"
Let's fly to Euro and make this the best summer ever
Now she heading to Rome, Rome is the home
Rome is where she act like she ain't got no fucking phone
I accept that I was wrong, except a nigga grown
So I can't bitch and moan, in a session gettin' stoned
So a nigga had to hop on a plane
A bus and a train, to try to come and talk and explain
Rented the whole bottom floor for a candlelight dinner
Turned the lights out and put my candle right in her
And told her, "Even though I met you in a club in a tight dress
At first sight I could picture you in a white dress"
Thirty foot train, diamond from Lorraine
Just to make up for all the years and the pain
Family on both sides, I'm so glad you came
Aunty couldn't make it, oh no, that's a shame
Wedding in June, what could be better?
Let's fly to Euro, make this the best summer ever
Take the very last car of the Eurostar
Tell the conductor, "Just drive so far"
Told some of your friends and they wasn't excited
Well, we gon' tour the countryside and they won't be invited
We will not be disturbed by the fussin' and fighting
Tell Peaches light the herb 'cause we just reunited
Let's make a move from these herbs, go somewhere in private
I'm talking just me and you and the plane and the pilot, uh

[Hook]
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh



[Intro: Tyler, the Creator]
"Nah, no, nah, nah, fuck that. Niggas think cause you fucking made 'Chum' and got all personal that niggas won't go back to that old fucking 2010 shit about talking 'bout fucking everything-all. No, fuck that, nigga, I got you. Fuck that."

[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt]
Grab mittens who have to spit blizzardous
Actually flick cigarette ash at bitch niggas
Harassment, eight nickels of hash, delay quick, and then
Dash to Saint Nicholas pad to taste venison
Still in the business of smacking up little rappers with
Raquets you play tennis with, hated for bank lifting and
Spraying then hide away in the shade of his maimed innocence
Suitcase scented with haze and filetted sentences
Advanced apathy, smashing the man cameras up
Tan khakis, an antagonist Dan-dappered up
Vagabond, had it since a Padawan
Rapping hot as fucking cattle brands wearing flannel thongs
Grab a bong, momma and some food, beer, tag along
Get a nice spanking, uh, new Sears catalog
Send them nettled critics to the bezzle stop, dead and wrong
Get 'em higher than the pitch of metal tea-kettle songs

[Hook: Tyler, the Creator]
Four deep in a Rover cannon
Riding dirty through a Saugus canyon, niggas know that it's the
G-O-L-F-dub-A-N-G, G-O-L-F-dub-A-N-G
50 K for the last check
But the Dollar Menu still be on deck, nigga it's the mothafuckin'
G-O-L-F-dub-A-N-G, G-O-L-F-dub-A-N-G

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
Yeah, the misadventures of a shit-talker
Pissed as Rick Ross's fifth sip off his sixth lager
Known to sit and wash the sins off at the pitch alter
Hat never backwards like the print off legit manga
Get it? Like a blue pill, make ya stick longer
Or a swift fist off your chin from his wrist launcher
Chick, chronic thrift shopper, thick like the Knicks roster
Stormed off and came straight back like pigs' posture
Pen? Naw, probably written with some used syringes
From out the rubbish bin at your local loony clinic
Watching movies in a room full of goons he rented
On the hunt for clues, more food, and some floozy women
Bruising gimmicks with the broom he usually use for Quidditch
Gooey writtens, scoot 'em to a ditch, chewed and booty scented
Too pretentious, do pretend like he could lose with spitting
Steaming tubes of poop and twisted doobies full of euphemisms
Stupid, thought it up, jot it quick 
Thaw it out, toss it right back like a vodka fifth
Spot him on a rocket swapping dollars in for pocket lint
Then lob a wad of chicken at a copper on some Flocka shit

[Hook: Tyler, the Creator]
Posing nigga try to disrespect
Get a fucking thunder to his neck, shout out to Nak, cause it's the
G-O-L-F-dub-A-N-G, G-O-L-F-dub-A-N-G
Looking bummy, posted on the block, like I ain't make
A quarter million off of socks, nigga, cause it's the
G-O-L-F-dub-A-N-G, G-O-L-F-dub-A-N-G



[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Yo, who dat boy? Who him is?
Him that ni-guh, I swear
Stand out guy, him don't need no chair
Well, where the fuck him at? 'Cause nigga, I'm right here
I don't shop at the mall, all y'all just
Dumb mothafucka, I'm a goddamn artist
You can give me some markers and I'll draw you a closet
And you know that it's GOLF, bitch, gonna make the deposit
Nigga fresh to death like he got dressed in a coffin
Cons, overalls, and a striped shirt
The boy drips swag like a broken faucet
It's runnin', nigga, I'm runnin' shit
That cherry be the bomb like he ran in Boston
Won't stop 'til the cops surround him
One nigga jiggy and the other awesome
With his fuckin' face blown off, that's how they found him
It's Young T

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & A$AP Rocky]
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga?
Why you niggas feel like that?
Mad 'cause a nigga neck chill like that
You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that?
Why you puttin' bad vibes in the air like that?
Nigga, who dem boys?

[Verse 2: A$AP Rocky]
Who dem is? Nigga, who dem is?
Who else step in this bitch this jig?
Who else your bitch say got a bick this big?
Who else came through with a wrist this flick?
Nigga, Guess my pants, do my dance
Spin around, bitch, you could kiss my ass
Never seen a nigga in this much Raf
Still doin' math when I miss my class
Was it Summertime '06, had the Number (N)ine
Nigga, never mind, was another time before Vince
Had the Gucci gold tips with the letterman
Nigga, dollar sign was my favorite number at the time
Fresh freshmen 'til they skipped my ass
Senior citizen, don't forget my pass
Been that nigga and you knew that there
Make the dick disappear, how she do that there?

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & A$AP Rocky]
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga?
Why you niggas feel like that?
Mad 'cause a nigga's neck chill like that
You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that?
Why you puttin' bad vibes in the-?

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator & A$AP Rocky]
Fuck the rap, I'm tryna own a planet
From my other fuckin' business ventures
These niggas these days
Actin' like some bitches, like they're fuckin' with ya (yeah)
Teeth is glistenin', Jesus, Christmas
He just shittin', she exquisite, bitches be expensive
(Yeah, let 'em know, nigga) And I don't even need attention
WANG$AP on the bumper sticker, fuck you niggas
Fuck global warming, my neck is so frío
I'm currently lookin' for '95 Leo
My mom say she worried because I'm so ill
I should stay in bed, but got too much bread
To make, she said watch my weight
So I stayed home and start eatin' some meals
Get out of my way, way, boy that's McLaren
That's 0 to 60 in 2 point nueve, I'm gone



[Fat Joe]
Gang Starr
Crack Man, Crack Man, M.O.P
BX
Brooknam, haha come on
Living legends, ya heard me
Make a note of that
Yeah uh yo uh (SHOOOOOU!)

I got seven Mac 11's, about eight .38's
Nine .9's, Mac 10's
Man this shit never end
Even if the apple won't spin
I reach in my back pocket and blast you with this twin
Niggas yelling out the window, Joe's at it again
But this bastard's got lawyers
Keep him outta the pen
I mean feds wanna knock me just cause I'm cocky
An arrogant fuck
Wave hi when they watch me
Can't stop me every time official
Better find my residuals or this nine gonna lift you
He was a fine individual what the papers scriptured
Had him on the front page in his graduation pictures
And they probably never hit you if you brought your Glock
Me and my gat like Wilson, we all we got
We walk the scorching blocks with the hawk on cock
Even if the old ladies love to call the cops
I got guns

[Lil' Fame]
You got, he got, they got
M dot, O dot, P my nigga we got guns
Big ones, extra large heat
Humongous shit that won't fit up under your car seat
Pop in a heart beat
Keep the cannon in my reach
Lay you flat on your back like you was tanning on the beach
We keep them thang thangs full of hollows
And I'm from Christopher bitch
Bang with the Wallace
Fitzroy this nigga you ain't loco
You're buttocks, big boy
Your heart pumps Sunoco
Brownsville deep in my genes
I show you bad boy for real
Keep thinking shit is Peaches and Cream
We'll run you down, MO-Ps hunt ya down
Gun ya down, guns sing like Bilal
Raise up cock pon my biscuit for my nigga O.G. Headquizkik
We got guns

[Hook]
You got, we got, they got guns
Crazy ill, mad rowdy
I gots it locked
Bringing the noise, bringing the funk, pop the Glock
But only if you feel this shit
You got, we got, they got guns
Crazy ill, mad rowdy
I gots it locked
Bringing the noise, bringing the funk
You know that your through, done, finished

[Guru]
Nowadays my priorities ain't based on fun
I'm trying to cop some more property and a case of them guns
Sick society's got Guru protecting his fam
Fuck Prudential, I got my own protection plan
Respect me man
I'm on a mission so to speak
You're too dumb to play your position so unique
I'll trey 8 your meat faggot vacate the streets
Gang Starr, First Fam, and TS, we way deep
And even if you had a thought to move on us
Our fire power will devour, bitch you'll chew on dust
Slow death, no breath, hollows have you gasping
You rich just for you, he got a lavish casket
Call us savage bastards using all means necessary
It's only customary
It's you we got to bury
We'll dead your homo thug network
Head shots make your neck jerk
My marksman on the roof, he's an expert

[Billy Danze]
Who got a problem
It's already been established
I'll come through your town with a pound like a savage
Still throwing down on the grounds that I'm average
Can I hear it for a gangster
YEAH NIGGA
It's always some shit but it's always a clip
To re-route your doubts and see what you about
Your homeboy's a snitch and your boss man's a bitch
We taking over these bricks
Doing underhanded shit, I'll shoot you in your abdomen
You fraud, you're moving like a broad with this faggot shit
And you deserve a hole
In the back of your motherfucking head the doctor can't fix
On the concrete, we palm heat like soldiers
Spit one in your whip and flip your shit over
Keep in mind whatever the nine spit
It's only as good as the nigga behind it bitch
We got guns



[Freestyle 1: Kanye West] (To Nick Cannon)
Ayo dog
Nicky my dog
And this is for sure
So I'm not going to break you down
Ask Christina Millian know what we did on tour
Stays on tour, and i'll tell you right now
And I like Indian girls, but I won't hurry
Last time we boned, you had the bedroom smelling like curry

[Freestyle 2: Kanye West] (To Kat Williams)
Come on boss
You were suppose to be the Pimp and Prince
I've seen you in Friday after next
And I haven't seen you since

[Freestyle 3: Kanye West]
Look it's hard for me to say shit
Cause I don't know about that gay shit
But I see you do, looking like Tiger Woods
Like lost in the hood
Looking like Bryant Gumbel
And expect me to be humble
Every time I flip a fold your goin to crumble
With them phony ass pony's
Bitch read the news
Why you always try running in the back and grab all the free shoes
So Why don't you buy somethin' ?
Why don't you try somethin' ?
Stop lying, stop fronting
Y'all niggas don't know about nothing

[Freestyle 4: Kanye West]
I could rip all of yall
In a line
With every rhyme
Yall know Kanye, is like the greatest all time
'Cause I do the Grammys, and comeback with my family
Rippin' you muthafuckers
With the mic that you hand me
You all don't understand me dawg
You still pushing camrys
Please, step back for a minute
You the Lieutenant, I'm the General
And generality killing yall
And Yeah, and I could keep it right there
Kanye ripping you niggas
This shit is unfair!



[Intro]
No matter how good a woman is, she still can't really teach him to be no man or daddy

[Verse 1]
Used to walk around with a head full of naps
Chubby young kid with a head full of raps
Doing what he can, just trying to adapt
Jumped to the block off of grandma's lap
Jumped to the block, so did every emcee
But gotta tell the truth, yeah, the block wasn't me
Lookin' for adventure, but the block was not
The block was real, Woo got killed
Half a year later, Big Spank got killed
And I got robbed, and Ronnie got shot
And I bought my first tape by 2Pac
And I got hard, cause I was smart
I knew that the weak and the meek couldn't make it in the street
Had to assert yourself to survive
So I convinced myself it was better for me
To be Jack in The Lord of the Flies
It's a book I read, books I read
Cause I'm addicted to literature
As a young boy rollin' 'round with the clique
Cause of that I was insecure
I was insecure cause I realized
Ain't no room for the civilized
When the wild men rumble in the jungle
And that's why Simon and Piggy died
Ralph survives, but he lives changed
Nothin's the same, shit'll drive a man out his brain
Drive a young man insane
My cousin Jimmy had a breakdown he ain't never been the same
And he never will be again
If I could fix his brain
Take back the crack in his mind
Give it all back, you can have the racks and fame
I'd give it all back in exchange

[Hook]
This is for the dads and the grandads
And the little homies that ain't never had dads
This is for the uncles and the OGs
And the lil homies, and the YGs
This is for the men I look up to
And all the struggles that the men had to go through
For every man that's ever had to man up
If that's you, let me see you put your hands up

[Verse 2]
I lost my youth, chasin' my youth
Made me a youth in the back of a coupe
Teenage love, like Slick Rick said
I hit her with my Dougie and I had a gold tooth
Fur Kangol, Filas too
She was light-skinned red gold tooth
But of course it didn't last cause I had to go to college
And she was still in high school
Damn, I'm a dad, this is bad
This ain't good, my baby's in the hood
And I'm walkin' 'round the black ivy league campus
Like I wish you house niggas would
So I go get a job, UPS
Where they treat you like BS and
You all know how the story goes
Drop out of college and sell 'ses
I figured I'd invest in studio time
Drop rhymes, have success
But, mostly I got fronted on, stunted on
Nigga dealt with some stress
I'll take that two, take that three
Cause my momma got to see me on TV
And my grandmomma got to get her Grammy
And my grandaddy got to see his boy eat
See his boy grow, I wish I never had that show
I wish you never had to go
Wish you could meet my wife, wish you could see my life
But you had to see the light
Wish I had you one more day
Wish I had tomorrow that's your birthday
We can sip gin, straight get fade
We can ride old schools through the trey

[Hook]



[Intro: Dr. TC]
Tyler we ah, I know it's short notice but I brought all your friends here
For some reason I couldn't get a hold of Taco and Jasper
But, I just brought all your friends to talk to you
Because, they're really worried about you
I thought it would be better if, they could talk to you

[Verse 1: Domo]
It was all a dream, I used to read Complex magazines
When I rhyme I'm tryna get pictures in High Times
Smoke trees and see my dreams hanging in the sky line
Swanton bomb off the bed into a fine dime
In my mind I'm just tryna smoke the finest
And get high sticking bad heinas in vaginas
I'm the flyest when it come to this, fire when I come to spit
I am getting higher when the lighter comes in front of this
I'm a stoner yeah, yeah, yeah you get the picture now
30 thousand feet gon' make it hard for me to simmer down
Another flight, another beat, another city, wow
Thus another couple bitches crying when I kick 'em out
Where we at? We on top of the world

[Verse 2: Frank Ocean]
And five minutes from suicide, I biked it to the park
I walked onto the block, met a guy, burgundy 'Preme snap-back
Hurling himself at cars, and flirting with blonde Cadillacs
All was gray, all was gray, Frankie had the blues in fact
Bunch of pale hipster girls, pretty, but they booty flat
Teenage males, couldn't tell I was going through it
Had a wallet full of cream, Amex Green, Beamer almost black
Parked in front the studio Bastard's recorded at
Earl, Gilbert, Tyler, Hodgy, Domo, Left, Taco, Nakel
Sydney, Lionel, Juan, Michael, Jasper, Hal and Matt
Bet I'm missing several but I had to bring that pattern back
We live inside a house that says fuck 'em on the welcome mat
Deep inside the ear canals of Bill O'Reilly's daughter that's
Where I'm at? Now where we at? Wolf Gang, where we at?

[Verse 3: Hodgy]
Swell motions get promotions, to my whole team
Hell yeah I smoke weed cause I like to go green
Professor Beats educates niggas, let me proceed
Shine chandelier bright might make your nose bleeds
We at Randy's ordering that 306
Milk and glaze is the greed gold mix me
Your bitch is coming along, yeah she hum to my song
Singing like they were for her, but they were for the blur
No longer, but we were in premature, immature
She's unsure, I'm for sure, blouse and dress and my shirt
On the floor then pick it up, out the door, door
Chased, an imaginary friend, a reverie absorption
Impregnate the dream 'til it has an abortion
Where we at? We on top of the world

[Verse 4: Mike G]
Everything they say I'd never have, I'm seeing
Now, I bet they see that we balling like All-Star Weekend
Always been the most cool, they chase our shade
They say life switches pace when you got shit made
So I'm just tryna get paid, don't you remember the days
When your dreams were the only thing that kept you sane
And too often they think that they could stop me
Now every show we makin' half a Maserati
And the only thing blocking me is paparazzi
Now it's gold Rolex's if they try to clock me
Everything stays in the box like fighters in hockey
Miss me if you're thinking we slack, work hard
I got the world saying every single Friday is black
Took your bitch, you ain't getting her back, cause she know
Where we at nigga? We on top of the world

[Interlude: Tyler]
Where we at, niggas?
Where the fuck we at, man? You niggas don't know me, huh
Where we at?

[Verse 5: Tyler]
Down to fucking Earth, huh, down to fucking Earth, huh
Fuck everybody, here goes some extra girth Sir
You fucking critics are making my nerves hurt
Since I'm saying fuck everybody I guess that I'm a fucking pervert
My window is a book and I'm a fucking crook
Stealing phones to call home but the line is off the hook
My mom ain't paid the bill, guess I can't pay it either
I ain't signed a fucking deal yet
But when I do Clancy and Dave are taking percentages
That could pay the whole fucking city's mortgage
Hopefully I make a lot of porridge from touring in fucking Oregon
From playing piano organs and hopefully I can pay the bill
Shit is getting real, people begin to feel
Like I'm changing, but their complaining making big fucking deals
About some shit, they bitch and pout
(Can we get backstage man?) No, faggot, it's sold out
(Come on why you holding out, I though we was boys, without me
You wouldn't be Tyler the Creator, you're from the Dirty
I can tell whenever you perform, a leopard can't change it's spots)
But I'm a fucking unicorn (Whatever man)
Look, you can't stop me, I'm going full monty
Fuck that, I'm Hitler, everyone's a fucking Nazi
Wolf Gi-di-dang you be roaming where the fox be
And I be where, anybody cares
I try to preach "Fuck age, live dreams and have fun"
(Here’s some give a fuck, cake) Oh, maybe I should have some
(Asshole, have none) How can I wake up on the wrong side
Of the bed, when I don't even fucking have one?
When I'm on that stage I feel important
A whole fucking assortment of children that's taking Ritalin
Because the teacher said that the therapist wasn't feeling him
You gotta be fucking kidding me
At school I was a zero, now I'm every boy's hero and they fear it
You can hear it when that little fuck is reciting my lyrics, yeah I'm rebel nigga
Cheer it, dead parents everywhere, it's smelling like teen spirit
Okay, fuck it, Elvis has left the building

[Gunshots]



[Intro]
You are a whore, you are a whore
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck him
Fuck everything else I can see
I know, fuck you I hate you so fucking much
I know you think I'm crazy
Cause I think you’re a fucking fag

[Skit: Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC, Sam, and Wolf]
"Sam, the music sounds good, man! You've been practicing?"
"Thanks"
"Sam, this is Wolf. He's new here."
"Sup, dude"
"Wolf, this is Sam. Sam and his band have been here at Flog Gnaw for a while. Sam's gonna show you around while I fill out these last minute field trip slips, alright? Now you guys have fun"
"So, you guys are into jazz?"
"Look. Wolf, Prairie Dog, Ronzell—whatever the fuck your name is. We don't fuck with you or anybody else here, alright? You stay the fuck out of our way and we'll stay out of yours, capisce?"



[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Something something
Mother fucking god again
I was licking niggas balls until my fucking dick was wet
But now these niggas think that I'm weak
I smoke mother fucking kush you don't even got to speak
My niggas smoking on it
My niggas toking on it
I'm swallowing the fucking kush
Y'all niggas choking on it
AK-47 niggas know I got that money
Nigga I just fucked your bitch and after that I hit my Dougie
Hit my fucking Dougie like it ain't tomorrow
Ask a bitch does she got some pussy I could borrow
Hit that hit that money I get that
Nigga got a problem get is wig I'mma split that
Okay okay nigga cause I'm like DJ Quik
Just the way I quick that
Hit it with finesse
Niggas know that I'm the best
Nigga do I got grey hair mother fucker do it look like this nigga stressed?
Hell nah
These niggas already know
That I got bitches and I got hoes
And these niggas already
What the fuck you doing
What the fuck I'm doing counting money though
Nigga uh
Any nigga got a problem
Nigga better go and solve them
I'm with your baby mama
She Mexican and you already know that she made a nigga enchiladas
I'm, with these niggas
Making that money, counting these figures



[Produced by Cashmere Cat and Sinjin Hawke]

[Hook: Kanye West]
Lost and, beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
'Round 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Lost and, found now
Turned out, our new love
Daddy, found out
How you turned out, how you turned out
If mama knew now
How you turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, I need you now
I do, love you
Found you, found you
Right now, right now
Right now, right now
If your mama, knew how
You turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, and I need you now
Lost and found now

[Bridge: Vic Mensa]
Cry, I'm not sorry
Cry, who needs sorry when there's Hennessey?
Don't fool yourself
Your eyes don't lie, you're much too good to be true
Don't fire fight
Yeah I feel you burning, everything's burning
Don't fly too high
Your wings might melt, you're much too good to be true
I'm just bad for you
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you
Don't fool yourself
Your eyes don't lie, you're much too good to be true
Don't fire fight
Yeah I feel you burning, everything's burning
Don't fly too high
Your wings might melt, you're much too good to be true
I'm just bad for you
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you

[Verse 2: Sia]
I was lost and beat up
Turned out, burned up
You found me, through a heartache
Didn't know me, you were drawn in
I was lost and beat up
I was warm flesh, unseasoned
You found me, in your gaze
I found you, oh Jesus
I was too wild, I was too wild
I was too wild, I was too wild
I was too wild, I was too wild

[Bridge: Kanye West]
And I need you now
Lost in my doubt

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
You gotta let me know if I could be your Joseph
Only tell you real shit, that's the tea, no sip
Don't trip, don't trip, that pussy slippery, no whip
We ain't trippin' on shit, we just sippin' on this
Just forget the whole shit, we could laugh about nothin'
I impregnate your mind, let's have a baby without fuckin', yo
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
You tried to play nice, everybody just took advantage
You left your fridge open, somebody just took a sandwich
I said baby what if you was clubbin'
Thuggin', hustlin' before you met your husband?
Then I said, "What if Mary was in the club
When she met Joseph around hella thugs?
Cover Nori in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves"
"What if Mary was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph with no love?
Cover Saint in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves"



[Produced by Cashmere Cat and Sinjin Hawke]

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Lost out, beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
'Round 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Lost and, found out
Turned out, how you thought
Daddy, found out
That you turned out, how you turned out
If mama knew now
How you turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, I need you now
Love you, got to
Love you, love you
Found you, found you
Right now, right now
Right now, right now
If your mama knew how
You turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, and I need you now
Lost in... my doubt

[Bridge: Vic Mensa]
Cry, I'm not sorry
Cry, who needs sorry when there's Hennessy?
Don't fool yourself
Your eyes don't lie, you're much too good to be true
Don't fire fight
Yeah I feel you burning, everything's burning
Don't fly so high
Your wings might melt, you're much too good to be true
I'm just bad for you
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you

[Verse 2: Sia]
I was lost and beat up
Turned out, burned up
You found me, through a heartache
Didn't know me, you were drawn in
I was lost and beat up
I was warm flesh, unseasoned
You found me, in your gaze
Well, I found me, oh, Jesus
I was too wild, I was too wild
I was too wild, I was too wild
I was too wild, I was too wild

[Chorus: Kanye West]
And I need you now
Lost and found out

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
You gotta let me know if I could be your Joseph
Only tell you real shit, that's the tea, no sip
Don't trip, don't trip, that pussy slippery, no whip
We ain't trippin' on shit, we just sippin' on this
Just forget the whole shit, we could laugh about nothin'
I impregnate your mind, let's have a baby without fuckin', yo
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
You tried to play nice, everybody just took advantage
You left your fridge open, somebody just took a sandwich
I said baby what if you was clubbin'
Thuggin', hustlin' before you met your husband?
Then I said, "What if Mary was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph around hella thugs?
Cover Nori in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves"
(What if Mary) "What if Mary
(Was in the club) was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph with no love?
Cover Saint in lambs' wool
(And she was) We surrounded by
(Surrounded by) the fuckin' wolves"



[Intro: Vince Staples]
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: Vince Staples]
Soon as I catch the vibe tell 'em to fetch the hearse
Shorty I’m pressin' lines lifting the Lauren shirt
Tell her to bless the girth if she with it
I’m in that kitchen, wrist water whippin' work
(Psych!) Nigga, I don’t do that
Niggas get bloop-blapped and blown away
Wessons making Mexicans wetbacks like "Órale!"
Okay, I’m on to something
Momma should've told you it’d be days like this
It’s just a tale from the crip
I’m on my séance shit, I’m tryna' make a million dollars
Keep it hood while crossing over on some A.I. shit
I need a foreign baby momma to match a nigga model whip
Ramona Park made me from scratch, a lot of lotto picks lost
Inside this game we call rap, I be the underdog
Bullet hit his forehead, it exit out his under arm
Ain’t nobody bigger than my hood, my nigga, fuck a boss
Baby momma killer, you offended and I fuck her raw
Stretchy doin' federal time for bustin' at the law
And he gonna be a neighbor of mine, you play me for a pawn
Shorty I be swimmin' with sharks, your posse full of prawns
Pistols rip his body apart, now he afraid of dark alleyways
Niggas better listen when the pastor say

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
It's Golf on that—bitch, it's Golf on that ball cap
I guzzle the tall boy, Jehovah ain’t call back
And ya’ll still debating over Earl music
Troops got the group nationwide moving merch units crazy
Peanut butter to paisley, walking down the street
In the different color McGradys, that first grader was me
Now my fist full of spliffs and the old banker receipts
Bitches grip the stick and jerky like cold shanks of the beef, dry
I’m taking purses like they chances in the evening
Pick your pants up, boy, you dancing with a demon
On my mama I been limiting my features, filling swishers up with reefer
Bitch, it's difficult to beat him like a soft dick
Golf clique deep and we don't hit the streets passive
That nigga Sweaty got the gas and Shreddy K brought the matches
Pitch your body in the water like a Lipton tea bag and then
Switch to a different fuckin whip to let them piggies speed past 'em
It's the rats, try and get the cheese
What it do? Rap like I'm mincing meat
Call me Lou, if I'm on the track, these niggas skip to me
Niggas want to fade me, bitches feel some type of way for me
50s in my pocket falling out like fucking baby teeth
Vince be with the rocket, he gon pop it when it’s danger round
Fingertips to tapers now, salute us when you face us
Give a fuck about the moves all these loser niggas making now



[Hook]
Ayo, I'm gonna be on ti-dop, that's all my eyes can see
Victory is mine, yeah, surprisingly
I've been laying, waiting for your next mistake
I put in work and watch my status escalate

[Verse 1]
Now, I'm going to start collectin' props, connectin' plots
Networking like a conference
‘Cause the nonsense is yet to stop
Jakes shake me down, haters wanna take me down
Break me down, CLAP! – all they heard was the sound
Yo, I scoped it out, I took your weak dream and choked it out
Your bitch don't really got no ass, she just poked it out
On the D-low, I'm saying you versus me though?
We can do this shit right here in front of your people
See, time is money, kid, and BS walks
And to me it's funny, kid, when you meatheads talk
I see feds stalk, they wanna dig up the dirt, son
Is it me they hawk? ‘Cause I be puttin' in work, son

[Hook]
Ayo, I'm gonna be on ti-dop, that's all my eyes can see
Victory is mine, yeah, surprisingly
I've been laying, waiting for your next mistake
I put in work and watch my status escalate

[Verse 2]
You cornballs get stonewalled, blackballed, I own y'all
The veteran, runnin' my plan, I'm the better man
Crazy raw, doing my job like the mob
Blazin' y'all, and disappearing in the fog
Or a mist, and chicks can't resist what I kick
They be beggin' for attention or some more of the dillznick
Word up, baby, someone may have to get hurt up, baby
Shit is mad shady, but I got to get the gravy
Platinum respect like the force of a TEC
Keep you hittin' the deck, feelin' heat in your chest
Bangin' your thoughts with the hot onslaught
A kid got shot on the spot for going where he should not
Viciously, I make history instantly
Those other lame ass loser ass niggas, they can't fuck with me
I'm doing my thing now to lamp later on
Paid in the shade, with some fly gators on
But now I'm grimy as they get, mud on my pants and shirt
I bet you niggas out here know, I be puttin' in work

[Hook]
Ayo, I'm gonna be on ti-dop, that's all my eyes can see
Victory is mine, yeah, surprisingly
I've been laying, waiting for your next mistake
I put in work and watch my status escalate



[Verse 1: milo]
This slack-jaw mealy-mouth
I mumble when I'm 'round the house
I'm trying not to do no chores today
Crying in my underwear
I lost my sense of wonder there
No, I'm not Milan Kundera
Though this lightness is unbearable
The feeling is indelible
I'm wishing I could teleport somewhere
Transmolecularize through the secular eye
I remember when Vegeta stomped Bardock's neck in
Two prayer hands to the heavens, good Lord, bless Him
I was a broke slob watching Ghost Dog writing Post Hoc
If I could muster just one good throat chop
And honor my shidoshi, 'cause 'dim mak' means 'death touch'
I been Spock, I been clutch
In thin socks, I'm butthurt
Impervious pervert with niggerish fervour
Crashing Linux server
Who didn't even change his laundry over
Who needs to buy toilet paper
Indie rapper, sorta faker
'Cuz I couldn't afford a mortgage or a Studebaker
'Cuz I couldn't afford a mortgage or a Studebaker

[Chorus: Anderson .Paak]
When you're deep in the raw
Everybody wants to get a piece of your heart
There's only so much truth you can keep in your bowl
Speak your piece, but words are too harsh

[Post-Chorus: Busdriver]
Overspoke my piece
I'm known in the streets
When you're deep in the raw
There's only so much truth you can keep in your jaw
(So what you saying?)
I can run the world from my mama's house
I can run the world from my mama's house
I can run the world from my mama's house
I can run the world

[Verse 2: Busdriver]
Every song responds to a threat
Every laundered dollar is wet
But if a mom’s like a song torn breath
But as long as I can ponder the depth
And the king sorta stinks of lunacy
I roam the rinks in sync with the jinx that are having me sink the moon and the sea
Bankers clink drinks as they uplink to the sphinx's coonery
I'm on the brink, I could fill my sink with the king's jewelry
Yeah, who is he? Driver—lion from a dead world
Sole practitioner of his customs and know the RPM of your head twirl
Driver old as fuck
My daughter old enough to vote
Rap songs blowing up on the coast
Loyal subjects rolling up that smoke
As I dictate terms from an ensnarled perch
Yeah, and Leimert Park is Winterfell
Rumors I learn to Splinter Cell and pitches sale from Mike's Citadel
Exact an explicit Hell
Empty the fire and sway
My music on Pirate's Bay as my elusive alliances fray
I collude with a silent clay and infuse a vibrant day
With a soothing eye in decay—putting food on the dining tray
Yeah, I can do this my way
Welcome home

[Chorus: Anderson.paak]
When you're deep in the raw
Everybody wants to get a piece of your heart
There's only so much truth you can keep in your bowl
Speak your piece, but words are too harsh

[Bridge: Busdriver]
When I was a younger man
I could feel the entire world
But now that I'm older...

[Post-Chorus: Busdriver]
When you're deep in the raw
There's only so much truth you can keep in your jaw
(So what you saying?)
I can run the world from my mama's house
I can run the world from my mama's house
I can run the world from my mama's house
I can run the world

When you're deep in the raw
There's only so much truth you can keep in your jaw
(So what you saying?)
I can run the world from my mama's house
I can run the world from my mama's house
I can run the world from my mama's house
I can run the world



[Produced by DJ Dahi]

[Verse 1]
Worst...
Mothafucka never loved us
Fucka never loved us
You ain't know, now you know now
Still at it, scrub J's with a toothbrush
Shit...
Niggas still playing my old shit
But your shit is like the police askin' us questions
Nigga, we don't know shit
Flexin'...
Nigga, I'm just flexin'
Nigga never loved us
Do it look like we stressin'?
Look at you, look at you and look at you
Aww, I'm glad that they chose us
'Cause man it's a mission, tryna fight to the finish
Just to see am I finished

[Chorus]
On my worst behavior, no? They used to never want to hear us
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
Remember? Mothafucka!
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
I'm on my worst behavior! Don't you ever get it fucked up!
Mothafuckas never loved us! Man, mothafuckas never loved us
Worst behavior! Mothafuckas never loved us
Fucka never loved us! Worst behavior

[Verse 2]
Hold up, hold my phone
Mothafuckas never loved us
Fucka never loved us
Now you want to roll one
Mothafucka never loved us
So everywhere we go now, full cup
Always hated the boy, but now the boy is the man
Mothafucka, I done grown up
You know me? You know me?
I'm liable to do anything
When it comes to that you owe me
You owe me, you owe me
Bitch, you better have my money
When I come for that shit like O.D.B

[Chorus]
On my worst behavior, no? They used to never want to hear us
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
Remember? Mothafucka!
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
I'm on my worst behavior! Don't you ever get it fucked up!
Mothafuckas never loved us! Man, mothafuckas never loved us
Worst behavior! Mothafuckas never loved us
Fucka never loved us! Worst behavior

[Verse 3]
Who's hot, who not? Tell me who rock, who sell out in stores?
You tell me who flop, who copped the new drop, whose jewels got rocks
Who else making rap albums, doing numbers like it's pop?
Same old pimp, Drake, you know ain't nothin' changed
With these funny style niggas, we done put on in the game
I just ask for some blessings at my grandmother's grave
Then it's back to L.A., open the mail, starin' at the check
Enough to make you throw up, man, it's gross what I net
I'm with my whole set, tennis matches at the crib
I swear I could beat Serena when she playin' with her left
Oh, where I reside it look like a resort inside
Nigga, where your shit from? I imported mine
Bar mitzvah money like my last name Mordecai
Fuck you bitch, I'm more than high
My momma probably hear that and be mortified
This ain't the son you raised who used to take the Acura
5 a.m. then go and shoot Degrassi up on Morningside
For all the stuntin', I'll forever be immortalized
Yeah, back and forth across the borderline
Hate to leave the city, but I've got to do the overtime
Gone all the time, even the important times
I should let you know ahead I'm comin' back on my worst behavior

[Outro]
Remember? Remember? Mothafucka, remember?
Hold up, hold my phone, they used to never want to hear us
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
Remember? Mothafucka, remember? Worst behavior



[Hook]
I go to Jacob with 25 thou, you go with 25 hundred, wow
I got 11 plaques on my wall right now
You got your first gold single damn nigga, wow

[Verse 1]
H to the Izzo did 3 thou spins in a week
You get a thou in a month, wow
Yall niggas want credit but yall need to slow down
Kanye to the killin yall from Chi-town, how your wife gon say
She never sold drugs a day in her life, but she still wanna pump the Ye
And yall mad cuz yall not knowin, cause these canaries so yellow
When yall pull up whether to stop or keep goin
I got G’s, rock Rock n Roll tees wit no sleeves
Tats showin, tucked in strap showin'
How he get seven tv’s in that ‘lac ‘lac
3 in the front, 2 in the back, 2 in that back, back
While you in that hatchback
And tryin to sell work and don’t get shit from them packs back
And try to rap, the studios won't give you ya daps back
And try to get publishin, all you get in your ass capped
And that’s that

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Magazines call me a rock star, bitches call me cock star
Billboard pop star, neighborhood block star
Chi-town go-getting pimps, we mob-stars
Gingerbread man even says “You’re a monster”
Remember that, uh-huh, that’s that Shrek shit
Remember back in ’92 niggas used to catch reck shit
Remember that track I tracked for you bout 3 months ago
Uh-huh that’s the one, now cut my check bitch
And I ain't feeling that Lexus - more that CLK
See me like "damn! A CL K!?”
Yeah that’s how we eating and, keep us looking peace and then
I ain't know he rap as good as he do beats, and then



[Produced by RZA]

[Intro: Sample from Executioners from Shaolin (RZA)]
Tiger Style! (Tiger style!)

[Chorus: RZA]
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit

[Verse 1: RZA]
Yo, there's no place to hide as I step inside the room
Dr. Doom, prepare for the boom
Bam! Aw, man! I slam, jam, now scream like Tarzan
I be tossin' and enforcin', my style is awesome
I'm causin' more family feud than Richard Dawson
And the survey said you're dead
Fatal Flying Guillotine chops off your fuckin' head
MZA, who was that? Ayo, the Wu is back
Makin' niggas go Bo! Bo! like I'm Super Cat
Me fear no one, oh no, here come
The Wu-Tang shogun, killer to my eardrum

[Verse 2: Inspectah Deck]
Put the needle to the groove, I gets rude
And I'm forced to fuck it up
My style carries like a pick-up truck
Cross the clear blue yonder, sea to shinin' sea
I slam tracks like quarterback sacks from L.T.
Now why try and test the Rebel INS?
Blessed since the birth, I earth-slam your best
'Cause I bake the cake, then take the cake
And eat it, too, with my crew while we head state to state

[Bridge: All]
And if you want beef, then bring the ruckus!
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
Straight from the motherfuckin' slums that's busted
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit

[Interlude: RZA]
Hah! Lebonon, step up, boy!
Represent! Chop his head off, kid!

[Verse 3: Method Man]
The Meth will come out tomorrow
Styles, conditions, bizarre, bizarro
Flow, with more afro than Rollo
Comin' to a fork in the road, which way to go? Just follow
Meth is the legend, niggas is sleepy hollow
In fact I'm a hard act to follow
I dealt for dolo, Bogart comin' on through
Niggas is like, "Oh my God, not you!"
Yes, I come to get a slice of the punk and the pie
Rather do than die, check my flavor
Comin' from the RZA, which is short for The Razor
Who make me reminisce true
Like déjà vu, I'm rubber, niggas is like glue
Whatever you say rubs off me sticks to you

[Chorus: RZA]
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit
Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta Fuck Wit

[Outro: RZA]
Ahh-hah! Yeah! Representin' Brooklyn, Queens
Long Island, Manhattan, Bronx
The Rugged Lands of Shaolin
Niggas from Virginia, Atlanta, our boys in Ohio
Comin' through with the crazy Y-O Y-O
Yo, niggas from The Source
My man Kelly Woo from the Gavin
Will Strickland, Jason Staton, yeah
True, true, my nigga Crown, what's goin' down, boy?
We ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
The whole Texas mob, the Chicago mob
Niggas from Detroit, fuckin' California squadron
Comin' through, you know what I'm sayin'?
The whole fuckin' West Coast to the whole East
Niggas from D.C., down in Maryland
All the way over there in Morgan State
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
All over the whole fuckin' globe, comin' through, boy
Peace to the fuckin' Zulu Nation
Peace to all the Gods and the Earths, word is bond
Wu-Tang slang, choppin' heads, boy
It ain't safe no more, peace!



[Intro: Bēkon & Kid Capri]
America, God bless you if it's good to you
America, please take my hand
Can you help me underst—
New Kung Fu Kenny

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Throw a steak off the ark
To a pool full of sharks, he'll take it
Leave him in the wilderness
With a sworn nemesis, he'll make it
Take the gratitude from him
I bet he'll show you somethin', whoa
I'll chip a nigga little bit of nothin'
I'll chip a nigga little bit of nothin'
I'll chip a nigga little bit of nothin'
I'll chip a nigga, then throw the blower in his lap
Walk myself to the court like, "Bitch, I did that!"
X-rated
Johnny don't wanna go to school no mo', no mo'
Johnny said books ain't cool no mo' (no mo')
Johnny wanna be a rapper like his big cousin
Johnny caught a body yesterday out hustlin'
God bless America, you know we all love him

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Yesterday I got a call like from my dog like 101
Said they killed his only son because of insufficient funds
He was sobbin', he was mobbin', way belligerent and drunk
Talkin' out his head, philosophin' on what the Lord had done
He said: "K-Dot, can you pray for me?
It been a fucked up day for me
I know that you anointed, show me how to overcome."
He was lookin' for some closure
Hopin' I could bring him closer
To the spiritual, my spirit do no better, but I told him
"I can't sugarcoat the answer for you, this is how I feel:
If somebody kill my son, that mean somebody gettin' killed."
Tell me what you do for love, loyalty, and passion of
All the memories collected, moments you could never touch
I'll wait in front a nigga's spot and watch him hit his block
I'll catch a nigga leavin' service if that's all I got
I'll chip a nigga, then throw the blower in his lap
Walk myself to the court like, "Bitch, I did that!"
Ain't no Black Power when your baby killed by a coward
I can't even keep the peace, don't you fuck with one of ours
It be murder in the street, it be bodies in the hour
Ghetto bird be on the street, paramedics on the dial
Let somebody touch my momma
Touch my sister, touch my woman
Touch my daddy, touch my niece
Touch my nephew, touch my brother
You should chip a nigga, then throw the blower in his lap
Matter fact, I'm 'bout to speak at this convention
Call you back—

[Break: Kendrick Lamar]
Alright, kids, we're gonna talk about gun control
(Pray for me) Damn!

[Chorus: Bono]
It's not a place
This country is to me a sound
Of drum and bass
You close your eyes to look around

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Hail Mary, Jesus and Joseph
The great American flag is wrapped in drag with explosives
Compulsive disorder, sons and daughters
Barricaded blocks and borders
Look what you taught us!
It's murder on my street, your street, back streets
Wall Street, corporate offices
Banks, employees, and bosses with
Homicidal thoughts; Donald Trump's in office
We lost Barack and promised to never doubt him again
But is America honest, or do we bask in sin?
Pass the gin, I mix it with American blood
Then bash him in, you Crippin' or you married to Blood?
I'll ask again—oops, accident
It's nasty when you set us up
Then roll the dice, then bet us up
You overnight the big rifles, then tell Fox to be scared of us
Gang members or terrorists, et cetera, et cetera
America's reflections of me, that's what a mirror does

[Chorus: Bono]
It's not a place
This country is to me a sound
Of drum and bass
You close your eyes to look ar—



[Verse]
Now when I first saw you
I could tell you was the one
That I've been searchin' for
I needed somethin' that was like the Sun
Now all my flowers grow
Right now my life, it blooms, baby
You're my favorite color, my favorite color
My favorite color's you
It's like the endless summer, endless summer
Whenever I'm with you
Cause you're my yellow, yellow, yellow
Cause you're my yellow, yellow, yellow



[Chorus]
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare, myself, myself

[Verse 1]
Tweakin', tweakin' off that 2C-B, huh
Is he gon' make it? TBD, huh
Thought I was gon' run DMC, huh
I done died and lived again on DMT, huh
See, this a type of high that won't come down
This the type of high that get you gunned down
Yeezy, Yeezy trollin' OD, huh
Turn TMZ to Smack DVD, huh
Russell Simmons wanna pray for me too
I'ma pray for him 'cause he got MeToo'd
Thinkin' what if that happened to me too
Then I'm on E! News

[Chorus]
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself

[Verse 2]
Ayy, hospital band a hundred bands, fuck a watch
Hundred grand'll make your best friends turn to opps
I hear y'all bringin' my name up a lot
Guess I just turned the clout game up a notch
See, y'all really shocked, but I'm really not
You know how many girls I took to the titty shop?
If she get the ass with it, that's a 50 pop
I still bring the bad bitches in the city out
Uh, just a different type of leader
We could be in North Korea, I could smoke with Wiz Khalifa, uh
Told my wife I've never seen her
After I hit it, bye Felicia, that's the way that I'ma leave it up

[Chorus]
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
See, this is why all the bitches fuck with Ye!
Fuck what they talk about!
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
They take me on meds, off meds, ask yourself
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Ask your homegirl right now, "Look, you had a shot at Ye?"
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
You'd drop everything!

[Verse 3]
Tweakin', tweakin' off that 2C-B, huh
This is why your bitches fuck with me, huh
Smash, she gon' end up on TV, huh
Last thing that you ever wanna see, huh
I can feel the spirits all around me
I think Prince and Mike was tryna warn me
They know I got demons all on me
Devil been tryna make an army
They been strategizin' to harm me
They don't know they dealin' with a zombie
Niggas been tryna test my Gandhi
Just because I'm dressed like Abercrombie

[Outro]
You see? You see?
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout!
That's why I fuck with Ye!
See, that's my third person!
That's my bipolar shit, nigga, what?
That's my superpower, nigga, ain't no disability
I'm a superhero! I'm a superhero!
Agghhh!



[Intro]
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang

[Verse 1]
I'm a fuckin' walkin' paradox — no, I'm not
Threesomes with a fuckin' triceratops, Reptar
Rappin' as I'm mockin' deaf rock stars
Wearin' synthetic wigs made of Anwar's dreadlocks
Bedrock, harder than a motherfuckin' Flintstone
Making crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones
This nigga Jasper tryin' to get grown
About five, seven of his bitches in my bedroom
Swallow the cinnamon, I'ma scribble this sin and shit
While Syd is tellin' me that she's been gettin' intimate with men
(Syd, shut the fuck up)
Here's the number to my therapist (Shit)
You tell him all your problems, he's fuckin' awesome with listenin'

[Chorus]
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf fuckin' Wang

[Verse 2]
Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses
I told him to quit bitchin', this isn't a fuckin' hotline
For a fuckin' shrink, sheesh, I already got mine
And he's not fuckin' workin', I think I'm wastin' my damn time
I'm clockin' three past six and goin' postal
This the revenge of the dicks; that's nine cocks that cock 9's
This ain't no V. Tech shit, or Columbine
But after bowling, I went home for some damn Adventure Time
(What'd you do?) I slipped myself some pink Xannies (Yeah)
And danced around the house in all-over print panties
My mom's gone, that fuckin' broad will never understand me
I'm not gay, I just wanna boogie to some Marvin
(What you think of Hayley Williams?)
Fuck her, Wolf Haley robbin' them
I'll crash that fuckin' airplane at that faggot nigga B.o.B is in
And stab Bruno Mars in his goddamn esophagus
And won't stop until the cops come in
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders
And pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver? (Cool)
Green paper, gold teeth, and pregnant golden retrievers
All I want – fuck money, diamonds, and bitches; don't need 'em
But where the fat ones at? I got somethin' to feed 'em
It's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em
Snap back, green ch-ch-chia fuckin' leaves
It's been a couple months
And Tina still ain't perm her fuckin' weave
Damn

[Chorus]
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
Goddamn goblin
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah

[Verse 3]
They say success is the best revenge
So I beat DeShay up with the stack of magazines I'm in
Oh, not again! Another critic writing report
I'm stabbin' any bloggin' faggot hipster with a pitchfork
Still suicidal, I am
I'm Wolf, Tyler put this fuckin' knife in my hand
I'm Wolf, Ace gon' put that fuckin' hole in my head
And I'm Wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch
(What the fuck, man?) Fuck the fame and all the hype, G
I just wanna know if my father would ever like me
But I don't give a fuck, so he's probably just like me
A motherfuckin' goblin
(Fuck everything, man) That's what my conscience said
Then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement
Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit
Dead



[Directed by Wolf Haley]

Tyler is shown in black and white sitting on a stool in an all white room. The camera shakes slightly, bringing Tyler in and out of focus.

Tyler begins to rap, miming the words as he says them. He lifts his hand up, and we see a Madagascar Cockroach climbing on his fingers. The cockroach climbs to his other hand, and Tyler stares at it intently as he raps.

It crawls over his hand, and then onto his other hand again. Tyler brings his hand up and looks down on the cockroach, and we see the word "Kill" written in sharpie on the back of his hand. We also see an upside-down cross drawn on his middle knuckle.

The cockroach climbs to the edge of his hand and it crawls onto his other hand, and Tyler stares at the camera.

Tyler brings the hand with the cockroach down, out of the view of the camera. He brings it back up in between his fingers and puts it in his mouth.

He chews, and the camera begins panning out, bringing Tyler in and out of focus. He makes a face of disgust, and stands up from the stool, heaving.

Tyler becomes a silhouette, and he throws up onto the floor. It takes a while, and then he wipes his mouth and spits onto the floor. He sits up on the stool and he comes back into focus.

He begins rapping again, pausing to spit on the ground again. The camera slowly pans in until the upper half of his body is showing. He begins unbuttoning his shirt.

He unbuttons his shirt all the way and then his gestures become very animated. He grabs his face in rage, showing that he is wearing a chain. He then takes his shirt off  all the way.

The camera zooms in to Tyler's face, with the image becoming extremely blurry and then in sharp focus. We see that Tyler's eyes are dark black, and then we see only Tyler's teeth, then his eyes again. Tyler gives the camera the middle finger.

Tyler begins to move around a lot, agitated, grabbing his chain. He becomes completely out of view at one point, then when he comes back into view, his nose begins to bleed. He wipes the blood off his top lip.

The camera zooms out, and a noose falls from the ceiling. Tyler grabs the noose and wraps it around his neck. He stands on the stool, and we only see his feet.

The stool falls over, and the legs begin thrashing, as Tyler hangs from the noose (out of view). His legs twitch as his legs swing back and forth.

The camera moves to see the stool on the ground and Tyler's feet dangling. The feet finally stop twitching, and they just sway around in a circle. The camera shifts in and out of focus. (Tyler is dead).



[Intro:]
This one for my baller niggas
That hate when the weakest ho in the club try to approach him
Some songs the ladies love me
The girls gon' hate me for this one
But I gotta do it
Come on

[Hook 1:]
Bitch, do I look like your type?
Don't get me wrong, you still gotta look cool to me
Bitch, do I look like your type?

[Verse 1:]
She asked
Is that pronounced N-Y-C?
No, that's a niche
Rock Clavin Klein
So she can see K
I'm still doing 120 on the freeway
She still got a prom picture in her key-chain
I told her look
This ain't high school no more
I'm tryin'a fuck being cool no more
So niggas go ball
Just to perform
Cause all these rats be talking up a storm
I know what they worn
I know what they be liking
If they hair short
Said "They probably be dyking'"
Probably a drying
Probably you like it
I can't know what
You're probably a psychic
I know a crazy bitch by the look in her eyes
I know a cheating bitch gonna look at my guys
I know a fat bitch gonna look at them fries
Tell me on the side like
"Can I supersize?"
Got my meat in my ride
Go down while I drive
Some hoes ain't for show
You just keep 'em inside
Call 'em at 3 AM and get deep up inside
Blow me and my homie, when you see me you don't know me
You heard?

[Hook 2:]
Bitch, do I look like your type?
Don't get me wrong, you still gotta look cool to me
Bitch, do I look like your type?
This ain't a song I made for ugly hoes to start approaching me

[Hook 1]

[Verse 2:]
Woah
She
Rock the jeans above the knees
Oh them must be some kid capris
So I spend cheese
Urp!
Bitch please
Your girlfriend ain't tell you 'bout me
Kanye fuck 'em and leave 'em
Act like he don't need 'em
See titties and squeeze 'em
For no fucking reason
"Ugh, he's so classless grabbing asses
How would you do a nerd bitch with glasses"?
Pimp nigga never spent no dough on a booty
I wish I would take this fat hoe to the movies
Them niggas must not know the price of the Coogi
I'ma little too rich to fuck this broke bitch
The survey says: "By the streets according
Kanye more important than Michael Jordan
Got this rap game locked, you could call the warden
Give hoes cock then I'm gone by morning

[Hook 1 + Hook 2]

[Verse 3]
Damn I was wrong..how could I stoop so low?
Pull up in a four door volvo
Dropped the top and swooped yo hoe
Woah..oh no
I don't want no wild body bitch in my wild body 6
No fucking weak hoes in my fucking Regal
No bitch that's whack in my Cadillac
No bitch with a fade in my Escalade
No sluts with a gut in my Beamer truck
No ? in my gold Jaguar
Deep voice bitches like "{vocalizes deep murmurings}"
"I never thought Kanye would take it this far!"

[Outro]
Remember back in high school?
Like prom queen, right?
She was like 37-25-36
Now she 37 with 25 kids
Ya' know what I'm sayin?
Now she on the come up
Tryna get a baller nigga
Bitch heard my song on the radio
She heard me on the Jagged Edge shit
Memorized my cell phone number out the blue
Called me on some..
"I wasn't sure if that was you or not"
Bitch you ain't hear me say Kanye Titter at the beginning?
Gold digging bitch



[Produced by Jiv Poss, Puff Daddy, Stevie J and DJ Enuff]

[Intro: Puff Daddy]
Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death
I will fear no evil, for you are with me
Your rod and your staff, they comfort me
You prepare a table for me, in the presence of my enemies
You anoint my head with oil, my cup overflows
Surely goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life
And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Niggas in my faction don't like askin' questions
Strictly gun-testin', coke-measurin'
Givin' pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hittin' fanny, spendin' chips at Manny's
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you up in your Polo sheets
6 up in your wig-piece, nigga decease
Muah, may you rest in peace
With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours
Four-four and fifty-four draw
As my pilot, steers my Lear; yes, my dear
Shit's official, only the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your bloodclaat cryin'
The kids, the dog, everybody dyin', no lyin'
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big Dangerous, you're just a Lil Vicious
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all
Death controls y'all, Big don't fold y'all, uhh
I spit phrases that'll thrill you
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Faith Evans (Puff Daddy)]
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, uhh
Watch Casino, I'm the hip-hop version of Nicky Tarantino
Ask Nino, he know
Green with envy, the green tempts me
To make the rich the enemy, and take their cheese
Take their spots, take their keys, make my faculty
Live happily ever after in laughter
Hah, never seen Cristal pour faster
And to those bastards, knuckleheads squeeze lead
3 of mine dead, nothin' left to do
But tear they ass to shreds, leave 'em in bloodshed
Incidents like this, I take trips
Lay up in Miami with Tamika and Tammy (huh)
Some Creole C-O bitches I met on tour
Push a peach Legend Coupe, gold teeth galore
Told me meet 'em in the future later
They'll take me shoppin', buy me lavender and fuschia Gators
Introduce me to playa haters and heavy weighters
Rich bitch shit, drinkin' Cristal 'til they piss the shit, uhh
Thorough bitches, adapt to any borough bitches
Be in spots where they were no bitches, you feel me
Reminisce on dead friends too
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Faith Evans (Puff Daddy)]
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, uhh
You can be the shit, flash the fattest five (that's right)
Have the biggest dick, but when your shell get hit
You ain't worth spit, just a memory
Remember he used to push the champagne Range (I 'member that)
Silly cat, wore suede in the rain
Swear he put the G in game, had the Gucci frame
Before Dana Dane, thought he ran with Kane
I can't recall his name (what was his name?), you mean that kid
That nearly lost half his brain over two bricks of cocaine?
Gettin' his dick sucked by Crackhead Lorraine?
A fuckin' shame, duke's the lame, what's his name?
Dark-skin Jermaine, see what I mean?

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Faith Evans (Puff Daddy)]
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)



[Guru talking]
That makes me know that we we we we're doing
We had the right idea in the beginning
And and we just need to maintain our focus and elevate
We what we do we update our formulas
We have certain formulas but we update em (oh right)
With the times and everything y'know
So y'know the rhyme style is elevated
The style of beats is elevated but it's still Guru and Premier
And it's always a message involved

[Intro]
The real (The real)
Hip-hop (Hip-hop)
MCing(MCing), and
DJing (DJing), from your own mind (from your own mind,)
You know? (you know?)
I, I guess right now we should start the show

[Verse 1: Guru]
Who's the suspicious character
Strapped with the sounds profound
Similar to rounds spit by Derringers
You're in the Terrordome, like my man Chuck D said
It's time to dethrone you clones and all you knuckleheads
‘Cause MC's have used up extended warranties
While real MC's and DJ's are a minority
But right about now, I use my authority
‘Cause I'm like the Wizard, and you look lost like Dorothy
The horror be when I return for my real people
Words that split wigs hitting like some double Desert Eagles
Sporting caps pulled low, and baggy slacks
Subtracting all the rappers who lack over Premier's tracks
Severe facts have brought this rap game to near collapse
So as I have in the past, I whoop ass
Dropping lyrics that be hotter than sex and candlewax
And one-dimensional MC's can't handle that
While the world's revolving, on its axis
I come with mad love and plus the illest warlike tactics
The wilderness is filled with this
So many people searching for false bliss
I'm here with the skills you've missed
The rejected stone is now the cornerstone
Sort of like the master builder when I make my way home
You know my steez

[Hook]
You know my steez
Let 'em know, do your thing, dog
Keep it live (Keep it live,Keep it live)
To the beat y'all

[Verse 2]
The beat is sinister, Primo makes you relax
I'm like the minister, when I be lacing the wax
I be bringing salvation through the way that I rap
And you know, and I know, I'm nice like that
Work through worldly problems, I got the healing power
When the mic's within my reach, I'm feeling more power
Stealing at least three minutes of every rap radio hour
It's often easier for one to give advice
Than it is for a person to run one's own life
That's why I can't be caught up in all the hype
I keep my soul tight and let these lines take flight
The apparatus gets blessed
And suckers get put to rest
No more of the unpure, I got the cure for this mess
The wackness is spreading like the plague
MC's lucked up and got paid
But still can't make the fucking grade
How many times are wannabe's gonna lie?
Yo, they must wanna fry
They can't touch the knowledge I personify
I travel through the darkness, carrying my torch
The illest soldier, when I'm holding down the fort
(You know my steez)
You know my steez

[Hook]
Let em know, do your thing y'all
Keep it live (Keep it live)
You know my steez
Let em know, do your thing y'all
Keep it live (Keep it live)
You know my steez
Let em know, do your thing y'all
Keep it live (Keep it live)
You know my steez
Let em know, do your thing y'all
Keep it live (Keep it live)
The mic

[Verse 3]
On the microphone, you know that I'm one of the best yet
Some punks ain't paid all of their debts yet
Trying to be fly, riding high on the jet-set
With juvenile rhymes, making fake-ass death threats
Big deal, like En Vogue, here's something you can feel
Styles more tangible, and image more real
For some time now, I've held the scrolls and manuscripts
When it's time to go all out you be like, "Damn, he flipped!"
Now I'm sick, fed up with the bullshit
Got the lyrical full clip, giving you a verbal asswhip
Don't trip, it's the gifted prolific one
Known as Bald Head Slick  why is the press all on my di-dick?
My style be wilder than a kamikaze pilot
Don't try it, I'm about to start more than a frigging riot
Styles unsurpassable, and nuccas that's suckas
Yo, them motherfuckers are harrassable
For I be speaking from my parables and carry you beyond
The mic's either a magic wand
Or it gets tragic like the havoc of a nuclear bomb
Then I grab your palm, no pulse, you're gone
And if you thought we'd lose our niche
In this rap shit, you way wrong
I stay up, I stay on, shine bright, like neon
Your song's pathetic, synthetic, like Rayon
Fat beats, they play on, want dope rhymes, put me on
Word is bond
You know my steez



[Intro]
Plain Pat, what up?

[Verse]
I've always been the same since back in the day
Always felt like we should get paid
To be on magazines or we get played
Why did he say it? I don't know, ask Gabe
Now I'm on the magazines where the roses are
Poppin' champagne and that Rosé Don
Won a few awards then we went on tour
And yup in my bag a whole bag of porn
Magazines hate him, then they love him
Then they hate him (we hate him), fuck it what to say then?(fuck it)
Cover of The Fader (yeah)
Now I'm on my way up
Now you want me say what? Huh, you want me say what?
I be talking my shit so I guess I'm an asshole
They be kick and pushin' like Lu Fiasco
And I guess every time I'm just gon' get in that mode
Suck up to the press, I guess I miss that vote
I did an interview with The Rolling Stones
Read the interview, man the whole shit wrong
Far as this shit go, you know the way I wanna glow
I need Al Gore to recount that vote
You know you know you know, you know
You think that you know, but you have no idea
You think you really know, but you have no idea
You think you really know, but I'm right here
You think you really know, but you have no idea
And I'm gon' be the same my whole career, yeah
I'm gon' stay the same my whole career, you know?



[Hook]
I'm on my ballin' each and every day
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
You see me babe? You see me babe?
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA

[Verse 1]
I'm on my ish, call it
I watch these haters take they shots like they were alcoholics
"What is he wearing? Somebody jack that fool's steeze"
If I'm a faggot spell it right, I got way more than two G's
Nigga I'm amazing, I'm a phenom
I'm assassin, I'ma kill y'all
I'ma say ma ma sa, ma ma ma coo sa
And this shit's closed now cause I ball too hard
And I'm cumming on her face, have I gone too far?
I don't know, who cares, I don't love that broad
And it's funny how these fake niggas always act hard
I'm a black star in a black car with a black card
They wanna knock me out
They tryin nigga
Realest motherfucker in the game like Tron, nigga
Forget these white girls
I need some variation
Especially if she very Asian
She got an ugly friend? Roll solo
Can I stay at your place? No hobo
Not my fault, man, these ladies love me
She's an overachiever cause all she do is succeed

[Hook]
I'm on my ballin' each and every day
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
You see me, babe? You see me babe?
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA

[Verse 2]
Send me naked pics, I’ma Tumbl that
I’m the shit, been the shit, fuck a humble brag
Yeah we pushin’ that, and her pussycat
I got swag out my ass so I’m usin’ that
Texting with Olivia Munn, hopefully, she’ll give me some
Or some Rosie Jones, man
Hoes is hoes is hoes, man
Racks on racks on racks, man
All I got is tracks, man
Sorry for my accent, but I’ve been practicin’
Everywhere ya go niggas blastin’ that Gambino
Niggas be like, "You ain't know?"
Bitches be like, "You ain't know?"
Met this fly Latino
Hope that she eighteen though
If she not, I’ll say that I got deep throat in Heathrow

[Hook]
I'm on my ballin' each and every day
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
You see me, babe? You see me babe?
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA

[Verse 3]
Told me I was shit, but that shit couldn't stop me
Nigga still hungry, black Kobayashi
When I talk about you I hear a "Who?" like Horton
I was born for this shit, you a rappin' abortion
Can we hear the N-word one day and not get upset?
Can we try something new and not be suspect?
I don’t really know, we fucked up bad
You don’t wanna see my dudes when they get mad
I got a bunch of jackanapes at the back of me
That’ll lacerate anyone in the back of a matinee
And laugh while they masturbatin' all over your beaten body
Sick Boi forever, that Suburban Illuminati
Naw nigga, yeah, we never stop
No period like menopause
No period like, "Oh shit! Am I the only one you sleepin' with?"
"Am I the only one you sleepin' with?"



[Verse 1]
Landed some place I ain't never been, yet again
Space travel veteran, never blend
Like they asked you to come around, never end
The initiation most times. If I'm in this
Old school letterman, never been
I'd like to ask if you know the code, guess again
Is a game barely controlled that they don't give
Like they gon' live forever
Politicians on straw-man missions
Stumble into town looking all ambitious
It's the ballad of Peter Pumpkinhead
He won't eat the Wonder Bread
He won't pledge allegiances
My saints is dead comedians
Trying to taste this cred is meaningless
That shit is warping my soul

[Pre-Chorus]
Knee-deep in the same dirt
Only water divides us
Same places, different continents
And my head-space is an island
I swim freely through my phylum
I'm tuned to radio silence
Came to me while I was driving
Right then, it was decided

[Chorus]
I ain't never been to this planet
Make eye contact and I'm smiling
[x4]
Eye to eye...

[Verse 2]
Woke up thinking I'm Batman
Every town is like Gotham
I log into my twitter page
And start bending over like Gollum
This dumb cred is like crack rock
And I never seem to hit bottom
My representative smiling at you like
"What the fuck is the problem?"
Walk uncharted lands with no squad
Spots my ancestors picked cotton
They want me to carry their customs
When I know the truth is postmodern
I won't walk like an Egyptian
Don't talk like I be pimpin'
There's in-groups and there's out-groups
And I believe in making distinctions
I just smile and offer you greetings
Hopefully with no pretense
My aim's to honor your physical
And leave room for all of your secrets
We should all play a big Scrabble game
And make every word a confession:
"A-N-X-I-O-U-S."

[Pre-Chorus + Chorus]



[Verse 1: Joba]
Pretty sure I'm maniacal, but what do I know?
I don't know, all I know is what I see through my monocle
That and the telescope, keep one lens on the money flow
The other's gold and complemental trusty, well, well
I'm rolling down hills in a suit through the mud
Throw my dress shoes in a fire with the woods
Sit back and relax with the fumes of
Everything I hate in the world
Play Mozart, smoke my cigar on
My estate, keep the cars parked on the front lawn
Neighbors hate, place duct tape underneath their tires
And I wait

[Verse 2: Dom McLennon]
Sun sets to blood moon horizons
Left brain and right brain divided
Set frames and watch plays inside them
In the mountains now's where you'll find him
I smell a breeze in the morning
I feel your presence, it's warming
I paid attention to warnings
But we were too caught up in transforming

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Ghetto in here flash it, ooh, them boys stay nasty
Floating like Aladdin, them the ones you talkin' to
Ghetto in here flash it, ooh, them boys stay nasty
Floating like Aladdin, them the ones you talkin' to
Ghetto in here flash it, ooh, them boys stay nasty
Floating like Aladdin, them the ones you talkin' to
Ghetto in here flash it, ooh, them boys stay nasty
Floating like Aladdin, them the ones you talkin' to

[Verse 3: Matt Champion]
Lucky days, I'm burnin' the four-sil
Your boy is dusty like brush up a fossil
Hear that shit urk like the noise of a possum
Bitch, I'm a king, I was born in the castle
Built like a boxer, I'm ready to tussle
Fuck on my baby, I'm ready to bust one
Come fuck with me and my dogs
Hate on my ass like in-laws, uh
That boy stay light like a cheerleader, um
She want me filled like a two litre, um
Eat it all day, watch it ricochet off
Then I skrrt off on that Michelin, aw
They don't got nothing on me 'til I pop
They don't got nothing on me, call the cops
I hit that run like a Heisman boy, run it back
Look at that boy, hit that running back

[Verse 4: Merlyn Wood]
Shout out to South Central, San Marcos
I got addicted to soft shell tacos
Right now, it's panties and ramen noodles
Now I see how I'm gon' make a shooter
Stamina, stamina!
I used to be holding the camera
Head through the glass, throw your window up
Start praying to me like my handle Cortana
We like Wu-Tang but I feel like Santana
She's lightskin just like she Hannah Montana
Head was clean, Tony Fantano...
Made her my wife-a
She can't eat 'cause she's so Bella
Confused erection
Bad hoes, no name, brand slave, brainless

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Ghetto in here flash it, ooh, them boys stay nasty
Floating like Aladdin, them the ones you talkin' to
Ghetto in here flash it, ooh, them boys stay nasty
Floating like Aladdin, them the ones you talkin' to
Ghetto in here flash it, ooh, them boys stay nasty
Floating like Aladdin, them the ones you talkin' to
Ghetto in here flash it, ooh, them boys stay nasty
Floating like Aladdin, them the ones you talkin' to

